crystally is negative yeah that's right
I got the test isn't it nice you know I
got the test cuz I know Joe Rogan cuz I
came here and he had a doctor a young
strapping doctor he's handsome he's
handsome for a doctor I don't like me
doctor when doctors are handsome it's
bullshit I don't like it when they're
they're dying no they look terrible he
looks healthy yeah I like that
well I get it yeah but you want your I
mean the old-fashioned in me wants our
doctor to be a hundred years old and
have studied for 90 years not today not
today no I know cuz this because the
young guys know what the fuck's really
going on yeah not only that I want a
doctor who's got like some energy I want
a doctor does CrossFit right guys
fucking ripped yeah you'd imagine Joe
Rogan's doctor definitely looks like it
does CrossFit he does though no he's a
handsome healthy he's a handsome guy and
he's young yes he knows so he knows most
important he knows I'm negative
I got a been tested twice already got
tested yesterday and I got tested two
days before that so and I'm just gonna
test myself every four days fuck it so
I'm testing everybody so the way we're
doing this here is when people come in
to do the podcast test them first keep
the fuck away from and then give up
you're the first person I've hugged in a
month fuck it feel good honestly you
know what's you know what's uh what's
why I want to be here the day somebody
comes to the podcast gets tested
negative and you have to send them home
yeah it's gonna happen of course if
you're sure it's gonna happen yeah I
don't know what I'll do
maybe we'll like put him down there yeah
with a mask on yeah hey we got Robert
Downey jr. here today and he has kovat
know he's actually clean Roberts clean
somebody's not gonna be somebody famous
is not gonna be oh for sure yeah
my friend Sturgill is positive he tested
positive he went in with his wife and he
thought his wife was sick and turns out
he was Wow
yeah but was he he wasn't showing
symptoms or what so will fatigue yeah
yeah he's like now it feels great that's
the thing about me is like I'll hear a
thing and then be like doing this but
there's a thing on CNN today that said
as many as 70% of the people it's
between 50 and 70 percent of the people
that test positive
nothing Wow so they're saying that way
more people have this than they
previously thought
right so the risk of hospitalization
and/or death although it's still tragic
and terrible saying it's way lower than
they thought which is great but at least
this is like a dry run like now if
something really bad happens now at
least look I'm looking at on the
positive side we know that we can get
the country to lock down basically not
everybody but that no fro there's nothin
ever gonna be anything where everybody
complies no way but pretty remarkable
how many just drive around here man it's
drunk highway it's crazy so I am Legend
out there the street I know I must
brought my dog it's I I thought I
thought because when I was gonna leave
because your Park is far away from a
place and I was like I'm gonna I gotta
leave an hour beforehand and I was like
oh wait no I don't know in 20 minutes
before I get there so that's a positive
positive yeah yeah you want a CBD drink
you can have that's good for you it
doesn't make you high no no that's my
question with everything now because
everything CBD O'Callahan some CBD will
fuck you up
I've had some CBD that makes you high
the stuff that looks green there's like
a company I think it's like Leafly I
forget the name of it but it was really
good and I took like four droppers full
and I was like a touch just a touch hi
this is kill cliff with CBD I'm gonna
addicted to this shit it's only 25
milligrams of CBD but I've broken it
down to I used to drink so much soda
like just when I was 30 and I stopped
because I I took my shirt off at my my
my parents house and my mom was like you
gained some weight and I was like no I
didn't because I always been 175 pounds
always my whole life and and I she's
like I have a scale upstairs and I was
like okay I'll check and I was 200
fuckin pounds - like how out to fucking
lunch am i that I didn't know that I
gained just 25 pounds right it's a lot
of weight if you thought 25 steaks
I know only 5-1 an ounce takes I know I
know I know it's a lot of fucking weight
you don't think about it was spread all
over my body thank God I don't have that
gut or whatever the fuck some people get
I get it all over right so mine goes
right here I get it in the gut in my
face my face gets fat faces on my sticks
the faces that they
that you don't realize is getting fat
because he's scaring it everyday what I
mean and when I see pictures of me at 30
I look fucking horrible uh it's
hilarious my friends text him to me like
they'll see him sometimes because
they'll get tagged him too because
they'll be like on the road and and I
just and I jumped on the scale and I
almost fainted bro that's how good my
life is that almost fainted that I ate
that I gained 25 pounds and and I when I
walked down I walk down stairs like the
guy from fucking Saving Private Ryan
looking for his arm just in shock and my
mom was like what and I was like I
gained 25 pounds she's like I fucking
told you
and I stopped drinking soda that day I
was like I got a drink diet it's because
I would drink like five six sodas dude
wow that's a lot but in my head I was
still 12 I'm like I'm still fucking
young fuck it 30 is nothing and and so I
so I so I stopped drinking I switched to
diet and diets fucking terrible then
you're just getting cancer so I'm like
I'm either gonna be fat or getting
cancer you know what fuck it I drink
diet for three months and I was like I
can't and then I started drinking soda
water cuz I like the bubbles and now I'm
good
I drink soda water Perrier I saw like a
gentleman is like a fucking gentleman
take a little lime
I don't do mine no bro no oh my coffees
black my GU Lacroix is lineless yeah I'm
dangerous as far all I need when they
say what do you need if you were in the
jungle alone I need to look Froy and I
don't know is it Lacroix or Lacroix who
knows I just say it depends on how much
of a cock you are craw requests on quoi
to say croissant and look Froy look
croaks yeah your face is like your kids
cuz you don't notice and you're gonna
notice this as your child gets older you
don't notice that they're getting bigger
you kind of know they're getting bigger
right but then someone who hasn't seen
him in four months oh come on go holy
shit oh yeah I just see him every day I
never uh yeah I don't even notice it now
like Ennis he's been - he's two months
but I don't even notice it and then I
look at pictures back and like oh he was
a little man it's just there yeah they
grow every because they're so small they
grow exponentially every day they're
like a fucking x-men dude it's the
weirdest thing ever when they start
talking to you wait till they start
talking to you you're gonna be like I
was gonna blow yeah it's gonna blow my
mind you know it hurts
there's so much love yeah that it's like
your body's like oh dude I when I saw my
kid for the first time I broke down I
broke down I started crying like tears
like shooting out like a japanimation
character and and now and I and at that
point I was like am I gonna be the guy
who cries or not and then I thought fuck
it and then just cried for two days
straight when my dad came in he broke
down and he saw me holding holding him
he broke down and then I broke down
doing one that wasn't crying was the
fucking baby the baby's like these
motherfuckers Jesus Christ what kind of
a fucking dad do I am I know and grandpa
yes and that you when you're a kid you
just got a hope you just like come on
said oh you got a hope you got a good
family like you got no no call you they
have to take care of you they see people
that are shitty parents I know uh uh and
that like we took in this dog we found
on the street and this motherfucker this
dude this dog lives in fucking Beverly
Hills now we found him near target in
fucking Van Nuys he has found him found
him running around picked him out kind
of dog who knows you know what I mean
one of these dogs were you're like what
kind of dog is that and then I got to be
like I did I don't fucking know mine and
so he just took it took it bring bring
bring we bring that fucking motherfucker
from the valley deep like Saticoy
Beverly Hills you understand and this
dog fucking runs away every three days
does it and yeah dude oh it's one of
those every three fucking days that's
one of those and we're trying to take
care of this motherfucker and it's been
about six five months now duties run
away probably fifteen times and I'm
running around in my fucking boxers and
just a shirt like dude you hit the lot
of ya do you get it I'm like dude you
don't have said you get fed every day
the good food yeah you got other dogs
here everybody likes you this is fun
you've got a big backyard jump in the
fucking pool if you want
I got lacroix motherfucker have it and
this line is bull and this dog is just
every chance he gets
fuck it every chance you fucking get
dude I get so mad hmm my friend Shaheen
has a dog that climbs fences and escapes
it climbs they got video this little dog
climbing the fence climbing a fucking
fence and escaping motherfucking dogs
are getting advanced they're like Asian
girls with asses they're getting fucking
advanced he's gone didn't used to
managed there you go course is it
coyotes got him or Bobcats there's a lot
of Bobcats out here now no shit you
poach in my neighborhood there's quite a
few there's a video in my neighborhood
of a bobcat scrapping with a rattlesnake
in the middle of street probably is this
if it's just the end of the world man
it's the end
my uncle is like we call him we call him
dark Mike because he always brings the
the fucking laughter to a screeching
halt like he'll be like Oh Uncle Mike
but he'll be like oh he'll be we'll be
having a good time and it'd be like you
know my neighbor the other day he has a
cat and you know he will check the
backyard the only thing was left with it
was the cat's face and we're like what
hey like yeah Bobcats got it and we're
like dude we're having a good time so he
told us one time where the his he knew a
guy who had this dog that would scale
the wall and jump over so he tried to
stop the dog by leashing him up the dog
jumped over hung himself
imagine that's I'm saying these dogs
don't know how good they fucking has a
dumb dog or dogs smart I mean some dogs
are smart smart for a dog yes smart for
a dark German Shepherds are smart it's
one of the fuckers or if you have a
German Shepherd you literally have to
exercise that thing you have to take it
running you have to do because these are
badass dogs they get bored like hey hey
hey hey I'm an athlete I know I know
let's go I know I'm gonna do some shit
but I saw it like I don't know if it was
like a tweet the other day but it's like
you know we all are staying inside now
and it's been like two or three weeks
four weeks whatever that's how dogs are
all the time and I was like I'm in my
dogs okay maybe they're bored I got to
your keys and they're kind of just like
lap dogs but I got another dog that's
big and then this fucking little one
that I don't know what it is the one
that keeps writing away
we call them what do we call them dirt
trash dog because he's always fucking in
the trash Cool Hand Luke
movie god he is a failure to communicate
yeah he treats my nice house like it's
fucking Angola it's so fucking good I
get offended at my on my hat I'm like
this is a nice place we took you in you
piece of shit
well he's probably been roaming forever
they get used to roaming yeah it's like
fun for them if they get accustomed to
roaming around the neighborhood yeah
yeah I take my dog out all the time
because we live in an area where I can
take him it's only a few minutes from
some trails gotcha yeah so I take him I
run with him awesome and I we have a
yard so I'll throw the ball in the yard
or run with them we swim together like
yeah he's the best
yeah I don't you never met my daughter
no but I feel piggy she fucking so I've
never had a golden retriever before this
and their nicest dogs ever everybody he
meets is like his new best friend
everyone if you came over my house but
run around in special vest they're the
nicest dogs man they're so nice it took
me one of the dogs we have is a mix it's
a golden golden and I think kaali's and
he's black like a full black coat and
he's just so great man he's so he's a
great dogs too that's a good combination
yeah one of those dogs that you want to
just take a little bit of the blood and
then make another one
some people do I know how weird is it
crazy yeah that's weird
yeah but you'll be doing it one day
you'll have to you'll have a guy here
that he'll be like oh no what's next
I've had bunch of different dogs with
different personalities yeah I love dog
yeah that's true
a black brush yeah yeah I don't want
like my last dog was a mastiff my name
is Johnny Cash he was a sweetheart of a
dog but he's different than Marshall and
Marshalls a sweetheart of a dog they're
just they're all different man you know
but as long as you the thing is if
rescue dogs I've had a couple of rescued
dogs they're just tricky one of them was
amazing and one of them killed my other
dog are you shitting man oh yeah I had a
female pit bull that was like she was a
prison dog she was in it was in the LAN
all shelters a no-kill shelter so they
had her in here for a long
yeah she was in there from a good
portion of her life and she would fight
other dogs over attention like any if
anybody was petting the other dogs she
would come over and bite them like she
wanted all the attention she thought you
were stealing attention yeah yeah she
was rough I know people like that but I
know yeah especially comics yeah real
life like with just people she was
amazing she was the best dog ever you
would think she had the best personality
but if another dog came near she says
the dog
yeah they present and they and this
prison dog killed another dog already
that was also a rescue dog but that's
brutal yeah that was brutal but so I've
had rescue dogs that were great and then
I've had rescue dogs that were sketchy
but when you raise them from the time
they're a puppy
then you know you get a chance to just
right they know you're gonna give him
love like this is you know this is my
home everybody loves me give him good
food you pet him you give him kisses you
cuddle and snuggle with them and they
know that to expect to you so they grow
up they don't have all these weird
anxieties like one of my rescue dogs she
could not stop eating she would she
would she was starving when I found her
she had mange it was horrible all over
her body and then she would escape she
would climb under my fence knock over
the neighbor's garbage cans eat all the
garbage and come back and her belly was
like bloated I'm like what the fuck she
was eating gourmet burrs like who's
taking this trash out it was trash was
everywhere scattered all over the place
no know how to figure it out so then we
had a dig into the ground and like make
sure that the fence went deeper into the
garage yeah she would lie on her back
and like her sideways and she was like
wiggling under the fence to get to the
neighbor's trash come back it's like I
don't even know oh wow
yeah so I didn't even know just came
back fatter that's hilarious when yo hey
man your fuckin dog is eating my trash I
was like really he goes yeah he goes the
girl dog I go no way I could what she's
always in he goes dude she gets back in
you know she sneaks under your fence and
comes back wow that is so fucking
hilarious that your dog had you yeah oh
she had me wow she yeah shit but she
would eat the cats food she would try to
eat my other dog's food she she was just
psychologically scarring yeah
I got her she was just she had all ribs
and then within like two months she had
a full coat of hair and she looked great
again she all her mange was gone and I
give her this medicated shampoo that
kills the mange yeah she was a great dog
but she had psychological problems
because of the food yeah I had a yeah
this dog chen's oh we call him tender
the prisoner chen's oh the dog yet Genzo
from Angola and we I live next to a
really I don't want to say who because I
don't want people to know where I live
or where they live but a really famous
athlete like a really famous athlete
like talking about like world famous and
Chen's Oh Diggs under the thing and goes
to their house no and I'm like this
bullshit comedian right I'm like this
comedian that's like lucky to live next
to this world famous athlete okay and
they're never home of course because
they have however many houses they have
so I have to every time and this has
been like about 15 times Genzo goes
under my fence
to get to this world famous athletes
house I gotta hop the fucking game this
fucking C rate comedian - again from
this a list a list a fleet probably has
security cares no way I'm doing this
sneakily so I guess I gotta just be me
with this trash dog just fucking her and
I'm right in the back and I'm like oh
this is nice this place is nice as fuck
and I'm in the backyard grep but come
here buddy and he won't come to me you
know what I mean it's like this place is
much better over here Mike come on buddy
come on any and Oh run and finally he'll
come to me and then I got a hot back
over with the fucking and I just know
that there's looking at the security
camera in there like is that the guy
from Whitney
and I'm like people still know me from
this motherfucker
this fucking dog man so I've been to
your house world-famous to athlete I'm
sorry sorry but got a prison dog got
Cool Hand Luke once her gland chenza dad
fucking a dog can make your life awesome
or there could be a giant painting I
know it's correct it's it's escaped
welcome I got to that point yeah and my
girl was like we can't I'm like alright
yeah cuz here's the thing I I have this
thing in my life where if something
happens and it's really bad I go through
it and then when it gets better if it
happens again it's much easier to go
through it again right you understand I
feel like a lot of people are like that
so the first dog time the dog ran away I
was like broken his second talk time I
was like fuck the third time I was like
alright if this mother fucking wants to
get here fuck him he obviously wants to
leave yeah and I know where you live in
your areas coyotes yeah yeah I know I
know they hang out there out there man
your dog zigs when he should is that I
know they're fucked you're gonna get
snatched and I don't want to get him one
of those spiky coyote vests you know
what I mean don't worry no nose no way
coyotes ground by the face yeah I know
they just eat them around the vest I'll
be left is the fucking body the face
yeah the guts
yeah oh the body right cuz yeah yeah
they're awful
I know those fucking cunts they're awful
I see him I Drive by slow down and I
look at him and they just look back yeah
yeah my oldest daughter lost a puppy the
one oh I was terrible there its Tara
they're terrible how old was your
daughter when that happened she was 22
23 23 yeah it's it's just part of living
in California they're everywhere man
they're all in Burbank now I was driving
down olive and I saw three coyotes I'm
like in the day Wow
and now because there's no one driving
apparently there ever yeah they're all
over the place now I saw dude I was in
Burbank once it was probably one we were
going to in and out so it was about to
close and it was like one you know
whatever 1:00 a.m. whenever the close
and I was 21 at the time
I was my buddy was driving I was in the
passenger seat and we were crossing the
bridge to the downtown Burbank I don't
know if you've ever been there maybe you
know but like there's a bridge from like
the valley to where you cross it's very
little but I was crossing this bridge
and there was all of a sudden across the
bridge a deer runs across the bridge in
front of the car gets scared of our car
and jumps off the bridge
yeah it jumps off the bridge so there
were three of us in the car we all went
bitches yeah like straight up we all
went and he kept driving because he was
shocked and I was like hold us you know
stop and he just drove he kept driving
and then and I and he was like did you
see that that was a fucking deer and I
convinced myself I was like I think
about this like every three months I was
like that couldn't have happened right
like first of all a deer in downtown
Burbank and then just jumping to its
death and he's like a little scared
because the car and I was like maybe
like her headlights hit it weird and
maybe it was like a bag and my buddy
said fuck you do it it was a deer and
you know it and I try I was like trying
to convince myself that was just a bag
in the light cuz it was dark but it was
absolutely a fucking deer man so it just
jumped over the fence that happens all
the time on bridges you know no I didn't
know that yeah did deer jump to their
death all the time guys so it's a common
thing yeah they jump to the death into
the river
they jump to their death and land on the
highway yeah yeah they're not that
bright I mean I sure and they panic
yeah they tell this thing fucking panic
they see lights they see head that's why
that's expression deer your headlights
yeah they don't know what the fuck to do
look at look at these deer so fucked
yeah that's exactly what yes it wasn't
it could have been a cult formed for
deer though they just say this is the
day we do it they can swim I've seen
deer swim when Carolyn and I went deer
hunting we watched these deer swim we've
that video where he's talking about
shitting him his pants is the fuck you
laughing
puts it over the top you with tears in
your eyes
camo on trying to be quiet that's like
the perfect storm for shit that I think
is funny
well when Carol and I the first time we
went we were in Montana for six days in
camping and it was it was one long
either gay or joke this is in Wisconsin
yeah behind us yeah
[Laughter]
[Music]
that couldn't have been if that was done
on stage or any other situation would
have been is funny like that's so funny
that you guys had to be quiet
well you get bored I know we're standing
in your lap and this feel because it's
loopy because you're looping a deer
comes out and then Brian starts talking
about shooting himself fuck man I love
shit like that man I love shit like that
I do if you I think if you like any age
is fun
the shitting shitting herself is funny
yeah except when you're really old then
it's sad no but what I'm saying is if
you're 80 and you heard that story you'd
still laugh yeah not if it happened to
you when you were 80 if you happen to
when you're a menace especially if
you're a lady like I'm an 85 year old
man and I shit myself feel free to laugh
sure we have your blood your permission
yeah but old ladies it's like oh the
last time I I've never I've only shit
myself once and I was I think 11 all
right yes
you're not taking enough chances I've
almost shit myself and just made it so
many times but the last time I almost
shit myself and I had to pull over and
was when I was going to meet mmm
[Laughter]
smelling like shit no underwear on then
you have to figure out what to do so
that you take your socks off 100% again
not wearing socks and and and so I was
in this the Sprinter van and we were
going you know I was on tour so I had
the Sprinter van we were going to there
how did that whole thing happens because
you make fun of them yeah and so he
thought it was funny right so I was at
my old house this was maybe two years
ago at this point and I was in the
driveway I don't remember what I was
doing but I was waiting for something
and it had been right around the time
where like Eminem's album came out or
something so he was on my mind and I was
like I was thinking about him and then I
was just like this is how he wraps and
then I just started doing it to the
radio and then I was like as is funny
I'm gonna record it and then I recorded
it
one time I was just like that's funny
I'll put it online and I put it online
and it got you know traction for me it
was like it had a lot of hits for me on
my Instagram and I was like cool great
and then like a month later black
Twitter took it and just was like yo
this is this guy says this is how they
didn't know nobody knew who I was what
they were like this is this guy says
this is how Eminem raps and then it got
millions of things of hits on Twitter
and then it got so big my buddies were
like you think Eminem is probably seeing
it right and I was like it's so big
maybe it was one of his buddies must
have seen it and showed him and then
like a week or two later my buddy texted
me one of the writers from that show I
used to do undateable and he was like
bro Eminem and I was like what and he
was like you didn't see check Twitter
and I checked and he was like I thought
this was me and I was like what like
that's like if you told the 20 year old
me that Eminem was gonna and then he
started being like I will bat rap battle
Chris D'Elia one down if you saw that
yeah I didn't see that yeah he was like
I'm gonna rap out of Chris D'Elia one
day and I'm like am I in the hip-hop
game now and and and and then I don't
know how much you know about this but
then logic the rapper hit me up well my
manager called me and he was like hey so
look you know how logic is another man
my every manager has that voice look
Josh Lieberman so I don't have you know
the logic and rapper like of course I do
and he was like all right so look he's
doing a song on Eminem and he they are
rapping together and I mean him Eminem
put your your impression Eminem on the
back of the song and they're wondering
if that's okay and I was like of course
that's okay he was like I'm gonna look
into it and see I'm like no no no no
don't ask for any money just let him
have it
are you kidding me that this is even
happening he was like okay okay and so
then he comes back he's like analodjica
wants your number I was like yeah okay
so I'm talking logic and logic psych so
I have a great idea for the video I want
you to play Eminem in this video you
seen this video no no everyone google it
but we're looking at it on the screen
yeah oh you could see it right but not
play it so this is so I'm playing Eminem
in this video I rap his part
and now this is the crazy part okay so
like I'm talking to logic here and I
play this like super fan of Eminem and
he's like I have an idea I want we're
doing a video and I'm like I'm Way ahead
of you I got this is we're way ahead
yeah and then I take off my wig and I
have always been an Eminem like Stan and
this is me doing you got to watch this
video so so I'm doing this video as
Eminem right and we shoot this and then
at the end you've seen the video where I
do the impression of Emmett yeah at the
end the Lea doesn't play me I played
earlier this is Eminem dressed as me
that's Eminem doing me in my car in my
driveway two years ago but so and and
like to think of me as a 20 year old
like thinking like finding out who
Eminem was and then him becoming one of
my favorite rappers of course and then
it's just such a weird fucking thing so
that was mind-blowing and then on the
way to meet him I shit my fucking eye I
had to pull the Sprinter van over and he
has no idea but dude it was so funny I
it was just one of those things where I
was like I think you know how you have
your like I think I have to shit and the
next thought is I got a shit right now I
mean there's no thinking involved it's a
oh it turned into Oh exactly right so I
say to the Sprinter the driver I say hey
buddy um can you pull off the freeway I
got a in my head I'm like I got time if
there's a bathroom near right so I'm
like can you pull over and and and find
the first place I gotta go to the
bathroom and he says okay and then a few
seconds go by and I say hey just so you
know like now you know and it cuz I got
I'm working on something here I got and
he says sure enough that no problem so
he pulls off and and there are two ways
he can go and one way he can go there is
only a hospital okay and the other way
he can go is into town so I'm Leigh
in my head I'm like it sucks but we
gotta go to the hospital use the
bathroom in the hospital and I'm gonna
run in they're gonna think something's
wrong but I'm just gonna be like where's
the bathroom I gotta go this guy goes
the other way into town to find a gas
station so now I'm mad so now I have to
shit and I'm mad so I say to the guy hey
man um pull over and he pulls over and I
open the thing and there were Kleenex
there I grabbed him and I ran into
someone's yard it was in the middle of
nowhere dude it wasn't we were going on
our way to Detroit and I sand and I was
in someone's yard a rep I found trees
thank God pulled down my pants and it
all came out quick and and it was
diarrhea or is it shit it was not it was
not shit it was not shit it was just it
came out it was just like right came out
like a barking dog and it was over it
was over before it even started you know
and and I was I thought so much better
and then I used the Kleenex and my
openers in the in the in the thing
filming me I'm like bro I swear to God
if that ends up on on Instagram I will
fuckin you're done you're done you're
done you're done and not only that
you're not meeting a man in someone's
yard
hey you're not meeting me was that just
in some random guys yard and and so so
now I feel great I wipe with the Kleenex
and I just I'm sorry I littered but I
left the clinic said what am I gonna do
well are you and it was a it was a lot
and I was like and I will and I left I
got back in the thing I was like that
was amazing I was like somebody's gonna
think there was a fucking bobcat in
their yard like I just and we went and
we met Eminem and he had no idea
maybe he'll know now sure you've seen
the show but yeah myself on the way to
fucking Eminem so I don't really cutting
myself you know what I mean because I
got outside and did it yeah it's a gray
area you made it I made it yeah
I've shit myself many too many to count
for sure but how many of those times
were you on a substance
no no it's not that doesn't add to it no
it's usually when I'm in the car no but
the last time was it's been a few years
I said I did have a disaster happen in
the shower not too long ago the best
talk last place to have it I had to like
shampoo I had a my diary it in the
shower and then I have one um hand thing
so I hosed it all down okay shampoo all
over the floor shitty ass washing the
floor of the Joe Rogan just one yet
fucking Elon Musk on this show and
you're washing the floor of the fucking
shower hilarious anytime shit myself at
least a dozen times late I'm solid I
could I could like bet a solid amount of
money yeah have I shit my pants
accidentally a dozen times yeah Wow I
never shit my pants when I was a kid I
did um but yes I didn't need to take my
chances yeah I'm just clean bro I just
go before yeah things go bad sometime I
know there was one time where I was in
New York and not that I mean how much we
can talk about shitting but I was in New
York and I felt good I woke up I was I
was I woke up early you know because it
was I with the plane ride and everything
and I was like oh fucking out in the
city you know I take a walk and I find
one of those those little kiosk place
that's all the food I'm like give me a
fucking bagel with a bodega yeah give me
a give me a bagel with egg and cheese
bold move is it yeah maybe from the
bodega so I so I started eating it and
I'm walking and then I take a few steps
further and I'm blocks away and I'm like
huh I gotta go bathroom oh good go
bathroom not a big deal and I took a few
more steps and I'm like I got to really
go to the bathroom and then I'm like
okay so do I go back or do I find it
this is New York City I'm gonna find out
of course I'll find a toilet but it was
too early not many places were open and
I'm like isn't this fucking New York
City the city never sleeps but they're
all sleeping so I I was like I'm gonna
try and go head back I'll find it toilet
on the way back
I'm walking back and there's no fucking
knows nobody shit on the way back so now
I'm like I got to get back to my hotel
so I'm like I had them oh I was like do
I slow walk and look for a toilet or do
I just book it and try to get back to
the hotel so I was like make-or-break
time booked it so I'm running with this
fucking threw the bagel down you know
and I'm running to the hotel and I get
to the I was like and I know and I got
to the point where I got to the elevator
and was like if this elevator isn't here
on this floor I'm shitting in the
elevator so I hit the thing open I'm
like I'm amazing amazing thank you Jesus
even though you know I don't even really
believe in it maybe I do maybe I don't
but so I get to the fucking in the in
the elevator and I'm like I got to start
unbuttoning my pants right now because I
don't have a second to spare so I'm
bucking in my pants door opens nobody's
there great I'm running down the hall
holding my pants and I open the door to
my hotel room and it was set up to where
there's the open there's the door
then there's a little bit of space and
then there's the bathroom and the toilet
is here so I had it in my head I was
like okay I'm just gonna undo my pants
and I'm gonna swing around and sit on
the toilet and like I don't have second
I don't have one second to spare so I'm
like I got this I got the layout and I
open the thing the keys got to work it
works perfect you know somebody's got to
do it twice I get in I swing around and
I'm taking my pants as like the matrix
I'm swinging my pants my my butt and my
pants man and I I can't help it and at
the last second I just go
and I spray the wall I just spraying the
wall on the way to the toilet and I sit
and I got an eye and I'm and I'm too
happy I know I gotta clean the bathroom
but I'm too happy
who cuz I you made it I made I made it
you know I mean yeah imagine if you did
pray to God that the elevator was there
and then like one day you like fall off
a cliff with a broken leg and you're
dying and you're like please God save me
the gods like don't you use that up when
you shit at the Soho grand got that
elevator for you do you remember that
yeah that's it that was the one you get
you get one I would still honestly be
like thank you I get it if I could just
fill my pants up
fill my pants up and take it like a man
yeah make it up to that you know that's
the thing about that's the thing about
being part of the thing about being a
comedian is like I started stand-up when
I was 25 and after that just from like
bombing and everything like I don't
really get embarrassed do you feel same
way not the same way like if I shit my
pants in public yeah and everyone was
like ah you shit your pants
I'd be like you've all fucking shit your
pants assholes you have a bit now
exactly a hundred percent but at before
I did stand-up when you bomb in front of
300 400 a thousand people yeah there's
nothing worse than that
I'd rather shit my pants also you know I
don't care about you don't take yourself
as seriously because you can't really I
mean you're making fun of everything
including your friends your friends are
always making friend of you yeah no one
serious anyone no one's the cool guy
there's no cool yeah yeah everyone's a
loser you're a loser I'm a loser
we're losers Wayne it's just there's
there's moments in life where you you
take the L I know and you just gotta
laugh I know you guys don't know how to
do that though because they want to be
wanna be the cool guy
yeah the cool guy it's but comedians you
have to that's the one thing there are
comedians out there that don't have that
which is odd they're not funny but
they're I don't think they're funny yeah
they can't be fun but you have to have
humility yes
like I mean take it from you you're an
alpha and like but you go onstage you
make fun of yourself well I'm retarded
there's a lot of stuff to make fun of
you everyone should make fun of
themselves it's like look any time you
can make fun of something as long as
you're not like terribly hurting
someone's feelings sure you have an
opportunity for laughs yeah laughs are
good laughs make you feel better trying
to make somebody happy yeah you feel
happy like when my kids make fun of me
all the time I am the butt of jokes cons
your dad that's funny your dad I'm not
just a like I'm dad's a dummy like it's
always like but it's funny like when
they when they make fun of me I'll go
hey I'm your father I write write
oh my god you're doomed you have my DNA
haha man think it's like but I could
think about the relationship of you and
Kalin how uh-huh like you will go on
stage while he's on stage did you start
shitting on he'll start shitting is your
best but you love each other I would
love you it's like that doesn't exist in
most men yeah yeah yeah most men your
age men are super sensitive about that
kind of stuff they don't want to ever
lose face they have to go into business
meetings and fucking handle things like
a like an executive I can't I can't I
can't imagine that life for me yeah it's
like just honest life my upbringing
though all we did my parents all we did
was make fun all we did was make fun of
each other like all we did was fucking
bust on each other and we would laugh I
mean we were you know whether it was my
mom or my dad or my brother my uncle my
we all make fun of each other and it was
how we showed we love each other that's
funny I didn't have any of that really
yeah my house was humorless Wow totally
humorless so how the fuck did you become
a comedian like what is it about that
from fighting what do you mean because I
was traveling from the time I have
fucked up like adolescents in high
school time and from the time I was 15
until I was like 21 22 all it did was
compete in martial arts tournaments so
we were always nervous so I was
traveling to these tournaments to fight
and I would be the guy that made fun of
every thought yeah so I would like in
the locker room when we're about to spar
yeah I would do impressions of everybody
having sex I was the guy who like I
would do I would be the icebreaker you
know I would break the tension I would
be the guy that made fun of everything
that was how I coped with the stress and
then my friend Steve who I'm still very
good friends with this today my friend
Steve Graham he's like you should be a
comedian like that's literally how I
became in community and how old were you
like at the time he told me that I think
I was 19 gotcha I was 19 or 20 and I was
like come on man like I couldn't even go
to clubs yet because you didn't perform
until you were 21 I thought turns out
you could you just couldn't drink it had
to leave once a while stage and leave
yeah yeah but I didn't know that yeah so
I waited 21
but he was like because I would make
them laugh but I'm like but you guys are
a bunch of psychos right I'm an asshole
right right I'm like other people are
not gonna think what I think when I say
it's fun yeah and he's like I think
you're really funny and I think he
should be a comedian and so then you got
on stage soon after when I was 21
right after my 21st birthday yeah Wow
and then I was like okay this is what
I'm gonna do now like right away I knew
it I mean it wasn't like I was good or
anything but I was like I think I can do
this
well who's good in the beginning no one
yeah if no way you're good you're let me
let's clear this up you are not good if
you just started no I thought I thought
I was yes and then I saw video about a
few years after I started and I wasn't
no you're just not able to be a good
comedian but you know who has a spark
you people that have a spark is
Alcoholics Anonymous people you know why
because they go to those meetings and
sometimes they get yeah and act together
yeah they develop an act because they're
telling these crazy stories about shit
they did when they were on drugs and
drunk right and sometimes they're really
funny you know there was a guy named
Dave Fitzgerald that got him to stand up
when I was like 21 when I met him and he
had been doing it maybe a year or so and
he was already like in his late 30s but
he was funny already
and he was funny because he had been
doing Alcoholics Anonymous for years
yeah so and yeah fucked up yeah time
with drugs and drinking so he had all
these crazy stories of just cops and
fucking gay fights and chaos and
blacking out waking up shit in your
pants and just madness so he and he had
a great voice it was fuckin gravelly
voice yeah so he would go onstage and
tell these crazy stories and so he
started out like right away kind of
funny
uh-huh I just feel like because I start
when I started stand-up I started it
with a buddy of mine like he he would
come with me and we would do open mics
not on the stage together but I would go
up and then he would go up and he had
never been on stage before and I you
know did plays and shit and when I was
in in high school and I realized that
you you don't just it's not that you're
learning how to be funny onstage you
also have to learn how to be onstage
you're just a part of it which you don't
I didn't
realize that until I saw me and then I
saw him because he would be doing shit
like holding his ankle talking and I'm
like he would come on stage and I'd be
like hey man why are you holding her
ankle he'd be like what and I was like
did you not know you were doing that he
was like oh I don't know no I know I was
like Jesus Christ this guy's not even
aware of what its ban on one leg
yeah holding an ankle yeah I think you
look like a fucking insecure bitch
you're stark yes yes doc historic but or
Pelican with someone that holds the leg
up ah flamingo flamingo carries the baby
yeah no but he no and then he stopped
three months later but but uh but yeah
it was like I I realized I had a leg up
on him because I had done like at least
plays and been on stage and knew where
an audience was and yeah there's little
things he was teaching so I was teaching
time I used to teaching large groups of
people so I was used to communicate yeah
you can use that stuff that obviously
helps and then but yeah that helped it
helped a little bit but not much no not
my house terrible but but I knew that I
could do it I was like you did yeah I
was like I'm I know I suck but I know
this is a thing you can get better so
you knew when you were starting that you
were not good oh yeah yeah yeah no
that's one good thing about growing up
doing martial arts yeah martial arts
shows you where you're at with no
questions because when you're sparring
or something they're gonna lose you if
you get your ass kicked like I'm not
good right you can never get your ass
kicked and go I'm fucking pretty awesome
that's a very good point yeah you feel
you losing a fight is very humiliating
it's very humiliating so I knew like
right away I wasn't good but I also was
like I see cuz luckily the night that I
went up Jonathan Katz you know Jonathan
Katz from dr. Katz that of the open mic
night the first time I went up and then
there was this guy Teddy Bergeron he
went on stage that night who was amazing
and all these different guys that were
like local Boston guys that went up that
were professionals went up that night
too so I got to see open mic errs and I
got to see professionals and I was like
okay this
something you can get good at like this
is something that if you practice and
you write and you just keep working at
it and you keep performing like I kind
of had a vague sense even the first time
that I did it like I could do this I
could do this and then I did it a second
time second time was better than the
first time and I'm like okay so I'm more
comfortable now I did a little bit
better like there's something to this I
can I can do this so I knew right away
like within the first SEC first or
second time that I did it that this was
gonna what I was gonna try to do that's
cool that's fun I start when I was 25
always always wanted to be a comedian
always since I was I mean young my dad
tells a story where when I was um
playing with my toys in front of the TV
my dad was watching a Jerry Lewis movie
and Jerry Lewis was doing his fucking
crazy Jerry Lewis shit on TV and I was
playing my stories my toys and I stopped
and I started watching Jerry Lewis
because he was been crazy on television
and doing his funny stuff and he said
some my dad and kind of noticed and
registered that I was playing with my
toys and stopped and now was arrested by
this by this movie and Jerry Lewis and
in he's and he's a few beats went by and
then I said hey Dad and he said yeah and
I said this guy on TV what he's doing
all that silly stuff this is his job and
my dad said yeah and I said like he
makes money doing this and my dad said
yeah man fuck he makes a lot of money
doing that and I said and then he my dad
said I went like this huh and he said
that that was the moment that he kind of
like likes to romanticize about how I
thought I wanted to be a comedian but I
wanted to be a comedian my whole life
man and I was scared to do it
until I was 25 because I was like I'm at
a loss here what am i doing I was trying
to write I was trying to you know get
scripts turned into movies and I was
trying to work on you know be an actor
but it was like you you can't do that
without other people yeah so as a
comedian I was like alright fuck I
always wanted to stand up this is the
time I'm 25 I turned it was like 2005 or
2006 2006 New Year's resolution January
2nd I got on stage I forced myself to do
it
and then I got on stage just every day
ever since you know what I mean Wow no
you oh you are on stage basically every
night I just knew that you know there's
a whole 10,000 hours right if you're and
dude I would go to the Comedy Store in
the at 9:00 and I I wasn't I wasn't past
or anything I remember I met max Amini
you know him no okay so he he would run
the belly room show and I met him
somehow and we got a light turn we like
we started we took a like into each
other and I said I said look I'm gonna
come by and hang out with you I'm not
asking to go up do it I just want to
come and hang and like soak it in or
whatever and have a go at 9:00 and I
would leave at 2:00 a.m. every single
fucking night every single night and
more often than not he would throw me up
and you know I would I would I would
never push it I hate that shit I don't
want to be like hey man you go to spa
like I just if you want me to be on the
show then I want to be on the show if
you don't want me to be on the show I
don't wanna be on the show and I would
just get good in the belly room and and
by the you know 2627 I would do it for
years and then you did the ha - right I
started at the haha I was do the ha has
a great spot man it's it's it I the
Comedy Store came after the ha ha but
the ha ha was where I got my first like
start because nobody would go there and
I would go and there were real people in
the audience yeah and you could get on
stage in real shows as a young you know
I had no business being on a real show
but I would go and I would do my shit
and I paid $5.00 for the open mic in the
beginning yeah and that way they make
you pay the gone I know and people would
be like I paying fuck down I'm like look
I'm just gonna so if you've done all
these years of every night basically
doing stand-up what is this month been
like for you this month this Kuantan
month has it been weird this is the
longest I've ever been in a string of
being not on stage I want to be there
the first night everybody me - I see - I
dude I thought about this the other day
I'm like I had let you know my special
comes out today so it's you know you
could watch it on fucking never what's
it called Chris no pain it's on right
now it's got no pain and you know see it
right now yeah yeah you can see it right
now it's streaming absolutely on Netflix
so um no so uh but I'm my point of
bringing it up not to plug it but I'm so
happy it came out now because I don't
have material that I've been you like I
know like Ali Wong had to reschedule her
fucking taping oh no she was ready to go
well Louie was supposed to film he was
supposed to film his shit it was like
April 12th and I wasn't gonna be able to
make it I wanted to see his tape it oh
really yeah I was doing to try to three
days ago you're saying he was gonna do
it in Boston he was gonna do when he I
think it was April 12th he was scheduled
in Boston it was like the same weekend
what might be like this weekend but it
came out yeah yeah yeah but he didn't he
scheduled was it was supposed to be a
couple days ago so today's Tuesday he
was supposed to be like Saturday this
past about it and they had to do he
scrambled last minute and filmed it in
Washington DC and they just put it out
he's like fuck it I'm just gonna put it
out on my website but he was supposed to
be filming like a couple of weeks later
like now and when everything started
closed and never to realize like whoa
this shit's getting weird yeah
shit's getting really weird he bumped it
up yeah quite a few people have canceled
filming's
Schultz Andrew short he did - yeah I'm
supposed to be I think he was supposed
to be this mental ready now yeah I think
he was supposed to be in LA Saturday as
well yeah I think it's the same thing
yeah I was texting with him he's like I
think I got a reschedule yeah I think I
was texting with him yeah I met up Louie
was the week before whatever it's it's
all rally
I know Ally reschedule where was she
supposed to film I think t see I think
and then she was gonna and then she was
talking to me she was like I'm gonna I
might I might she's like I've
rescheduled it for either June or July
she's like I'm gonna have the reschedule
it again yes yes so because the other
thing is - once they lift the ban of
going out you think everyone's gonna run
to a 2000 seater fucking real dummies
yeah exact solid dummies are gonna be
out there coffin in each other's mouths
those are my fans
come on out dummies yeah bunch of bug
chasers yeah I think there's gonna be a
lot of people to go out I think there
will be the dummies that are like fuck
you and finally there's gonna be people
that are right first of all delusional
second of all relatively healthy and not
concerned right a lot of vitamin C right
do the right thing
sleep sleep well I've been really good
with like all my stuff like I've been in
the sauna every night for 25 minutes
I take several thousand milligrams of
vitamin C every day vitamin D taking all
my vitamins I do a vitamin drip with any
dude once a week so I will you talk
about with Whitney on the text chain
yeah yeah nad drips yeah that's the same
doctor that his compound does that they
do the the vitamin D drips cool the the
vitamin drips rather not vitamin D blood
like glutathione it's got to think all
kinds of shit they put they put a bunch
of shit what why you tried saw you on
the talking to her on the texting you
were saying that you need to you're
trying to shorten the amount of time of
doing it but you can't because it's
overwhelming or something
well nad is this stuff what is it what
is the name of it
they pull the name of this nad shit like
you can't do it standing up person she
does it standing up I don't understand
that
but what you're doing here it goes
nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide
it's a cofactor that is central to
metabolism found in all living cells and
AD is called die nucleotide because it
consists of two nucleotides joined
through their phosphate groups you know
about all this what I'd contains the
adenine anyway really good for you great
for the therapy says vitals functions
like repairing DNA maintaining cell
health and boosting our immune system so
it gives you energy increases energy and
gives your metabolism a boost so I do
that once a week now and it's supposed
to take two hours the first time I did
well I got it under an hour and then
I've been doing it in 24 minutes the
last couple ones so it's yeah so you
build up like a tolerance to it or just
doing it
I don't know if you build a tolerance
and you just get accustomed to yeah it's
very uncomfortable mmm we're like you've
got it so really it's real weird and
where do they shoot you in yeah it's an
IV yeah so you're sitting there and so I
just just try to see how much I can
tolerate my goal is to get it down to
ten minutes which i think is totally
doable yeah to do it in 10 minutes just
open it up and just just sit there and
meditate and take it and then so at the
end it the the uncomfortableness is
completely over gone oh it's just during
while it's while it's happening so for
24 minutes I'm just sitting there
yeah but what we do is Jamie and I've
been doing it we just watch Black Mirror
yeah oh we haven't seen that yet I
haven't seen all of them I've seen like
seven or eight of them but goddamn that
one we watched last week black Museum
this was fuck that's good dude some of
them are that show is like I think for
that show to be good it has to be hit or
miss because they have to take chances
yes some of them are so fucking good
that I that show was just amazing some
of them are spooky yeah this black
mirror black Museum episode was fucking
incredible I remember the one that one
mess my head yeah like I was sitting
there at night just going Jesus the one
yeah the one why don't say yeah but it's
great yeah it's great the other one I
love is the one where the guy is in Star
Trek yeah he he has like a virtual Star
Trek yeah yeah king of the world has all
these people I remember that one oh the
best ones are the first ones though you
saw them we went back and watch the
first ones I've seen some of the first
ones a lot the first season is I
remember you posting about the new
season when you were talking about you
know I think it would be the first time
you really watch the show but I saw it
when I didn't know what it was and I was
and it like blew my fucking mind like
nobody had talked about it and I was
like and I saw I was like oh my god
I don't even was it on Netflix in the
beginning or no I don't think it was
whatever but was it I don't know first I
don't know maybe oh that's right yes yes
yes no the first the first episodes I
don't know if it's cuz I didn't know
what it was but those blew my fucking
mind man it's the one it's like the new
Twilight the robots chasing lady the
little little drone robots a little oh
that's freaky yeah what does that call
heavy Matt isn't that one in black and
white or no did I imagine that it is
okay yeah I know I made a creepy yeah
like creepier I don't know it is though
really yeah hmm pikas old shit is creepy
and that's used to be like those it's
like an added layer of depression
because everybody in it's dead yeah have
you watched like the old time movie all
those people are doing now you look at
the dead people everything sucked back
tense even being alive so bad so bad I
guess what even the show you're watching
sucked because they're old time capsule
right my dad would watch fucking like
old black and what like combat that show
with like we're like everybody was
talking like this come on it's like talk
like that dragnet yeah you ever see that
show yeah Joe Friday yeah we gotcha
we got you red-handed I want to do a
show where I do that voice and it's a
fucking drama and it comes out now well
there's certain things you used to be
able to do that you should have never
been able to do that you can't do
anymore and that's one you can't be like
you can't have a stage voice anymore no
you can't be corny like that anymore now
but you can still do that if you are in
the radio yeah I like talking about you
need to talk about this yeah yeah yeah
we do it's so weird it's weird you know
it's weird when I used to do radio you
would go to and you talk to a guy and
they would be normal like hey man where
you from Boston oh cool cool cool
alright so I'm just gonna do weather and
traffic dude that's actually so fucking
stupid it's those guys are all and those
guys are always like you know when you
would come up doing the clubs and shit
and like you'd go on the road and then
like you would do like the six o'clock
morning news and those guys would I
always describe those guys as like you
can hear their face
do not I mean like they'll be like so a
we're talking about so you know you go
to Atlanta you know you do that a prep
so so what's that like for you and then
they lean in and you're like this guy's
face fucking makes noise it's the
weirdest thing and you don't know unless
you've been there but dude their faces
are loud and shit like that you can see
the cracks behind their face of their
real who they really are when you're
close you can't see on TV you just take
newscaster for granted wonder who was
the first guy that had the radio voice
and then all the other people just
started copying him like how did it
become that voice I'm at first of the
hour here on 106.5 and they do that they
do that it's not W it's www
and then upon another version that strip
club DJ it's almost the same guy clothes
variation to the stage we got champagne
couple to the stage it's like a liger
it's like a cross between a tiger and a
lion the strip club DJ weather man it's
gonna be raining and here comes fucking
candy here comes Lexus to the main stage
that's a weird cinderella just why yeah
why can't it just be like all right here
comes the fucking next dancer exotic
please welcome exotica please welcome
Pluto or my favorite Pluto is the fat
one no it's the planet I know the
planetoid the planet as a stripper comes
Frankenstein stripper like this yeah
maybe a stripper that's like really into
monster movies yeah she gets on me I
made up yeah oh that exists blood around
the wrists stitches yeah it exists you
think you just think of a new thing
there's too many people out there and
it's too late in the game yeah you can't
you can't I posted on Instagram
yesterday this gate winks for Trump oh
that they had a party where they were
trying to catch the co vid they had at
Kovac and I said you know any time here
this is what I wrote I wrote uh if you
think you've seen it all yeah every day
the internet will prove you're incorrect
write first post Tony I had a blast caps
but what's crazy is the
comments where people were angry at me
like for what really really really dumb
Trump supporters right there is a
spectrum of Trump supporters Trump
supporters are very intelligent people
that just like his economic policies and
some people like Trump's my board that's
my man right
you don't nothing bad about Trump and
those people I go I can't believe you
sold out so what fake news like they
were angry at me
and what was their gripe that you know
yeah when the rare times would I'd
venture into the comments see what the
fuck is going on oh man it's usually a
disaster and I never do it but this is
the problem with being home all the time
I know all this extra time I find myself
a ting pasta YUM I'm doing a lot of
things I shouldn't do yeah whatever I
read the comments on that one
you gotta eat fucking pasta and reading
but he confirmed to me that I shouldn't
read comments I know I really shouldn't
I'm definitely better at that than I was
I used to I used to I used to have fun
like talking shit to people I used to do
it all the time and and and and then I
was like my girl was like what are you
doing you're gonna be fucking like 40
and like what is your kid you kids gonna
see the shit and I'm like yeah you're
right
I should stop doing that and she's like
by the way do you want to be fucking
really famous or what and I was like I
don't know what I didn't really think
about it she's like fucking captain
market doesn't do this shit and I said
kind of right Captain America go back
and forth the people on Twitter
Chris Evans right I was just like yeah
Twitter is hot right now there's so many
people I mean hot in a bad way there's
so many people angry because everyone's
locked inside like Twitter is the place
where you get the most it's the yeah I
by the way I don't even go on Facebook
so no that seems like a fucking cesspool
that does but just do you have too much
freedom to write long things on Facebook
good point
people are just too verbose there just
is too much nonsense yeah like I'm not
reading your novel
yeah I'm not either man I'm not even
gonna read your novel even if it's about
me well III just but you get tweets and
shit people are at least it's concise
but people i-i-i don't ever
when things something's gonna be
offensive or now I was reading Marin's
Twitter as meirin said it's okay to go
for a drive right yeah and some lady
like I wouldn't even tell you him and
then she wrote a like all it all like 20
different hashtags hashtag covet 19
hashtag quarantine hat like trying to
get so much attention that she's
tweeting at market so mark went back
with her and then she went back with
mark and Mike get out yeah mark you need
friends yeah go for that fucking Drive
don't be arguing with this lady I know
first of all you probably shouldn't go
for a drive just to go for a drive but
if you if people aren't doing it and the
roads are dead it's I don't think it's
that big a deal realistically now if you
say that the problem is then a lot of
people go do it right of course just go
for a drive right so you can't really
say that Anna so you shouldn't say I'm
just gonna go for a drive just go for a
fucking drive right and if you get
pulled over by the fucking Gestapo yep
you say I was headed out for toilet
paper
yes something bad that's the move guys
just say I was headed up for toilet
paper everybody just goes okay or
bullets did you see that I ran out of
bullets
I needed bullets in toilet paper did you
see the guy who put on my Instagram but
I I went to I went to Walgreens and I
had gotten some stuff you know had my
mask on and shit and and they and they
and there was this lady that was
checking out in front of me and behind
the counter I say to the guy said hey
you know over the lady I was like hey I
wasn't interrupting buzz like do you
guys have toilet paper you guys all out
cuz every where's all out you know
and he was like he saw me and he goes
like this oh um hold on a second and I
was like okay you got to hook up so what
he was like hold on so he so he was like
I was like okay and she finished reading
her up and he goes like this hey come
here
I swear to God so I followed this guy to
the back of Walgreens and he goes like
this way right here like okay he walks
through those
fucking metal doors in the back that are
you exactly
and comes back with 24 rolls and it goes
like this I'm not supposed to do this
but Hugo man I'm a big fan and I was
like oh really
then he was like yeah man and he was
ringing me up and he was like makes my
day that you came in here man is the
least I could do it's hilarious I was
like at least my comedy culminated in I
get the fucking shit for a few weeks
what why was he hiding him well that's
what I don't get I don't understand but
there's someone cool comes yeah I think
I think in my head I for some reason I
feel like they just didn't put it out
yet or he was hoarding it for maybe it
was his personal thing ya know but he
was then he was the nicest guy and then
I and then I put that story on my
Instagram and then he hit me up and he
was like hey man this is so great you
put it on your thing I can't believe it
he was just really sweet man this is
well that's nice yeah you know it has
happiness do you have those bidet
toilets in your house that shoot water
up your ass I got sent one
they're so good are they right here you
want to go take a shit good
alright you have to I did drink some
coffee do you think you got one brewing
there was how long is podcast go keep
going - yah shit I shit my pants 20
minutes ago
oh yeah they're the best dude it cleans
you up does it oh yeah cuz I always feel
like okay you're still shit in there is
clean clean just wet I got something for
you though do you take Metamucil with
the no okay I mean - uh no problem
shitting okay well what do you mean like
I mean I don't really have a problem
shit but I'm cyber thing right well my
point is eat vegetables I eat a lot of
vegetables okay yeah my fucking
vegetables okay when I was eating the
carnivore diet I had no problem shitting
either well maybe you just have a good
fucking system man I think so so I I'm
like how many get constipated sometimes
no no I don't it's not that okay did
that the thing is
I don't know madam a little defensive no
it's not now I'm in a thing where if you
say I am I gonna defend so I so I I
sometimes have to wipe a bunch are you
splatter now when I know it's just not
congenial least gross as possible since
we but we've talked a lot about shitting
on this episode so I take it I take two
scoops of that a day that shit comes out
whoop that's it I don't even have to
wipe I do but I wouldn't need a bidet or
anything
mmm okay it congeals good man it's nice
to know that it's all polished up washed
down sure it's shitting it's good to
know it's and also it's warm like the
one we have it's nice eat is warm and
then the warm water sprays on your
asshole you can enjoy it like you peeing
oh no no hot water shooting are you
jerking off disgusting piece of shit I'm
cleaning my butthole bro yeah it's nice
it feels good I think I've done it once
or twice don't like some hotel or
something it's a must it's almost all I
have my I have one they sent it I think
I sponsor for my podcast senator sighs
there you go
it must be done to a Shearson yeah okay
that's one of the ones that installs in
a regular tour she an excellent choice
shout out to Toshi for not that
expensive either it's a good economists
a it's hard enough to get fucking toilet
paper now you might as well get some
Toshi a little tiny little you you know
toilet paper comes in like a little one
piece yeah we never do no no no but you
could get away with two two pieces with
this all day yeah just tap that Wow just
give it a little dab nice drop it in the
bowl Wow all gone that's nice
it's wonderful it's warm water to just
hook it up just whose hoses it down nice
it's a car wash for your butt
there you go see I wasn't thinking about
this right yeah no it's also deed I
don't wanna get personal but do you have
a lot of asshole hair I'm a hairy guy
yeah me too yeah
but I've been you
manscaping oh those are great I do the
balls yeah yeah how do you know your
[Laughter]
doctor that fucking pricks me and even
have an assistant I know that's crazy to
me I don't want one I think once you
have an assistant you probably have made
a mistake like you're you've you're
doing too many things huh do less things
yeah this some weird person who goes and
does everything for I guess I mean yeah
I guess I guess I understand fine is it
four and then here here's your hotel
resolution remember man I've walked your
dog and I did - man I just want to be as
normal as I can be interesting yeah I
don't know how I feel about that do you
have an assistant
I don't good yeah I don't same boat yeah
thinking about getting one huh well I've
always liked I should I get one I'm
putting pressure on you
some people do first why don't you have
an assistant al Madrigal has an
assistant old al Madrigal I'll go do
that shit he was yeah I go yeah do less
shit just do that shit you don't have to
you decide what you need to do right if
you're doing so much that you need an
assistant
now you get to deal with this person
what if that person has a like a kidney
stone or they fucking lose their car
that's funny yeah some new person you
have to deal with their problems I had a
real Hollywood moment once where we were
like up fronts for Whitney the show that
I did like fucking nine years ago and I
found myself he's fucking weird
Hollywood moments but I found myself at
dinner sitting next to Vince Vaughn and
he was like so you're on the show
Whitney now so this is great no I was
like yeah but he was like you made it
this is awesome I mean I know you're
comedian but now you have a show and I
was like oh great and he was like we did
it do you have an assistant and I was
like no he's like you gotta get in a
system buddy you made it and and I
always think when getting a decision I
think I always think back to Vince
Vaughn's telling me I needed to get it
insistent and I was like maybe I should
get an assistant cause Vince Vaughn said
it the invest one had a conversation
once about business managers I pay all
my own bills I don't yeah
and I was like he was like 5% and I was
like did I give him five percent so I'll
have to think yeah I don't want to think
about how to pay everything everybody a
parking ticket he's paying off his own
bill
Vince Vaughn yeah well maybe just maybe
he quit you think it was he was several
years yeah this was more than a decade
ago but I remember having this
conversation with him like hmm yeah I
would 95 that seems like if you had to
look how much would you get paid an hour
to do so yeah else's taxes and someone
else's bills and someone else's not
worth it especially he's making he's
making shitloads yeah movie star yeah
yeah I just watched him the other night
and something I love it's fun oh
dodgeball
I watched made have you seen that movie
made no it's like swingers and then they
wanted to get the guys back together
again as Jon Favreau directed it and
it's Jon Favreau and Vince Vaughn how
many years later was everybody fat no
not yet
Road dare fucking that movie's hilarious
he puffs that he's in it really yeah
it's great he was Puff Daddy yeah are
you allowed to call him by his dead name
I don't know no you can't do that with
transgender people you get kicked off
Twitter for life
I know call Caitlyn Jenner Bruce you'll
get kicked off Twitter for life I saw
that I think I saw a clip on your show
it's fuck - Marc Maron if you wants to
go for a drive though and all yes we're
just tag it to the end of time put 20
hashtags up no one cares
put a you know keep tweeting keep
hashtag healthcare hashtag Obama has
tagged first-responder hashtag Obama
yeah
Obama endorsed by Dhin I'm sold are you
oh yeah he's fine now
what's Obama endorsed him no he can't
remember anything do you see what a
Donald Trump jr. tweeted no already put
it on Instagram that Biden is like a web
browser it's no it's a hilarious mean
the memes have just begun and here we
are
it's April but by the time November
rolls wrong I don't the the the the
that's debate what is his mind is like a
web browser 19 tabs are open 17 or
frozen he has no idea where the music is
coming from
he's posting this this world is just
insane dude I I tweeted something I was
like I don't know people gonna get
pissed off at this or what but I tweeted
oh great
Burnie dropped out now the only thing
that he's having is Trump and Biden need
to drop out and and I was like I might
get fucking shit for this but I didn't
like it but I think as I hit everybody
you know but like dude it was just like
the fact that we have these options are
just I don't know I'm a fucking idiot
I'm not good politically but yeah I'm
neither I'm not good politically either
but it's just when you see I just the
debate Trump versus Biden it's gonna be
a mess we're just gonna be that what are
they talking about Trump's press
conference yesterday I strive watched a
bunch of them and I'm like what am i
doing like it's just he seems like the
negative attention it just finally
getting to him oh yeah I saw the clip
where he was like you're nasty or
whatever he was saying you're disgrace
to the to the reporter yeah he was
saying you're fake yeah he always says
the ratings are down I know things are
down you have no credibility yeah that's
his his thing is always go after their
ratings which is kind of fun it is funny
too because he was tweeting about he was
like I'm number one on Facebook yeah
people reading that on their phone as
are dying from Corona number one on
Facebook what even is that number one on
Facebook is like I have the coldest part
of the ocean like what yes he said that
his co vid 19 whose coronavirus reports
had higher ratings on finale of The
Bachelor that's so surreal just can't be
real life it's so silly
it can't be real life the one thing
about Trump is whether you like him or
not he is funny oh he's a lair he is
funny he's hilarious he's a funny guy he
might not be fit to be President you
might be one of those you know
but who is among you but forget it
whether you think he's fit to be
President or not fit to be President if
you deny the fact he's funny we have a
problem yeah that's that's that's that's
that's where I'm at we can argue whether
or not he's doing a good job
anomaly or a bad job so try but guess
what yeah he's full of laughs that
fucking time that he was talking about
buying Greenland he probably goes I
promised not to do this he had a photo
of a huge Trump Tower in the middle
agreement I didn't see that it's
literally that's funny it's laughed you
out I was dying when he was like wait
did you see the press conference where
he was doing it was like yeah they said
I didn't do a good job but I did a good
job and this is the proof and he shows
this little piece of apron he goes like
this so you know that they were lying
and he flicks the papers fucking
lunatics lunatic it's not what you would
expect right no I expect a person to be
like Obama or like Clinton or whoever to
be presidential like Bush you don't
expect that what I thought but that's
what I thought Bush was I thought Bush
was the guy that everyone was like
finally a regular guy like me a regular
guy and I was like okay it'll be a while
till that happens again
yeah and it came back I mean Trump's
like he's like the guy in your family
were like oh he's coming to Thanksgiving
like this motherfuckers gonna be talking
the whole time and then you find out
he's president is Greenland I promise
not to do this degree let just one
gigantic Trump Tower this is Trump in
the middle of Greenland with the
explanation excellent exclamation point
yes come on that's fucking funny that's
funny he like retweets memes and shit
weird but also like look at the doctor
behind him with the shot with the shawl
just when he does it just like what is
happening look at look at why am i okay
oh so fun she's got the same look like
as if someone farted and she's not gonna
say anything but she smells it really
felt good
she does and she's always wearing that
those capes she does wear a lot of capes
yeah and what is that about being older
that's a great line New York City to
respect me I was Callen is if she'd be
on his way
yeah he's on his way he's get here this
fucking guy now I know when he said like
we set it up for him to get tested to
when he said yeah yeah yeah I think I
could be there what does that mean are
you coming or not I think so
like though like you do by the way
nobody has shit to do right now yeah I
said to do he was driving didn't know
wherever the fuck was he driving
where is he driving if he's not doing a
podcast today he doesn't have shit to do
and I don't think he's doing a podcast
today he's got I mean parkus does he
have not one to get a tea podcast yeah
there was a time we had a lot yeah we
had we had like a lot and like the one
of them was like the intellectual one
and I was like a mail drop that one yeah
what they call it um mixed mental or
that's it
next mental arts how many episodes
however many episodes are were they were
that was that many to MIT that that to
many that many to many conversations
weren't bad but the title had to go I
don't know I never possible yeah
impossible you can't do mixed mental
arts yeah something like that it might
have been worse than that I might be
blacking out I think it was that that's
over he's the only guy I know with a TV
show that's hoping it gets canceled so
funny he's like I can't do this I don't
wanna do this anymore
I'm like I told you he sent me a video a
few weeks ago and he was like work my
whole life as an actor he had on like a
fucking Iron Man thing and had like a
thing that was blinking and because he
was dressed for the scene and he was
like this is my life man and it was a
rotten MC if I got fucking final he was
like he hates it like it's so boring he
was the people are great I love working
with these people the thing is boring
and it takes so much time I'd rather
just do stand-up the thing is is just
here it is
give it your air drop on I can send it
to you so you can play
who knows it what he says if it's okay I
can cut it out if it's bad
well is he saying something bad I don't
think it some trouble for I don't think
so um air drop young Jamie's here we go
representative both of them yet but he
is a fucking he's hysterical man I don't
know anyone like him dude he is the only
at one time this is this is how he is
just so you know everybody who's
listening when one of our best friends
yeah right sure we talk a lot of shit
cuz it's fun but he said he'd be there
in 20 minutes
great we were at dinner with the friends
that it was Sasso was there other guys
that we knew for a while and and a few
of them had never seen me do stand-up
and we're at dinner and I was like I
gotta leave guys I got a I got a set at
the comet at the Comedy Store and they
were like oh you do well when you go on
and I was like wow I gotta get there
early because I you know I wanna be late
for the spot but as long as get there by
whatever 9:30 come on by and you're like
oh cool well I'll come so I go I go I
tell the door guys I was like my buddies
would come and say so it could be that
you know who he is that I'm in with a
crew and cults what counts gonna be
there so so I I get on just like oh yeah
I said they may come when I'm going on
stage whatever let him in so I get on
stage do my set and I'm like at school
my friends are here you know get off
stage and I say hey would you see my
friends and they said they never came
and I said what so I called Will Sasso
and I was like hey will did you guys
come and he was like Brian said you were
going to the Improv instead and I said
what and I called his he's of The Improv
so you know Brian so that's how I know
you're good friends of the Brian so I
called Brian and I'm pissed I'm like
these motherfuckers wanted to why would
you do this they wanted to see me they'd
never seen me do stand-up like it's fun
for me like it's fun for me to do it for
them it's fun for them to see and I call
Brian I'm ready to get heated at him
just be like what this motherfucker had
a set at The Improv ain't even fucking
mad she probably forgot and they were
like where are you he's like come on to
the improv right so he stole the time
from me
right so I go and I'm heated I'm gonna
yell at him right and he picks up the
phone and before I can even talk he says
you ruined the night and I said what
NEMA said we're at the fucking improv
dude come on over and I was like you
motherfucker and he was like nah
they don't want to watch you they're
gonna watch me I'm respected do you know
what I mean well that's a good approach
if you're gonna do something like that
just go on the offensive right away it's
a great yeah you don't want to be oh
yeah
whoops you gotta love a man yeah you
gotta love him that guy is just a mile a
minute and he is insane he's he's way
more calm now than when he was younger
when he was like thirty years old
couldn't imagine he would you know he's
had these girls that were useless they
were they were like runaways and they
were stealing from him they were they
would stay in his house it was like some
new girl stay in his house like what are
you doing what are you doing I was
always a mess so one time I remember he
came over my house and we're gonna have
dinner and we're gonna watch something
like a fight there's something he came
out my house he was over my house for
ten minutes and he goes I got a party I
have to go to but I'll be back I'm like
what are you doing you came over for ten
minutes
did you tell two different people that
you're going over your house of course
he did I might've I go we'll just tell
them to go fuck off yeah but it was like
I think it was like something where it
was like some producer guy who was
hoping was gonna like put him in
something and I'm sure he was literally
over my house for 10 minutes
unbelievable this fucking guy pray this
plate look at look at him
you know it's like pauses you know he
looks like who's that old Ian McLellan
from the x-men
we played Magnus yeah you forget get a
photo of Ian McClellan as magneto that's
out of the way how does he look gayer
than Ian McKellen in the fucking thing
does Legare he lives he kill it's gay
isn't he he's real good and he's real
old and Brian looks older and gay Jimmy
I need an image quickly
[Laughter]
that's Callen that's younger straighter
Talent yeah it's younger and less gay
look at that go back to thank you 10
minutes he gets here that's the look of
please this I want to be able to pull it
up immediately and just say Karen guess
what we were talking about I love
fucking making fun of friends or some
shit the lighting it's working on the
set make some old god thing about like
like I you know I've gotten to do some
cool shit like I you know I was on that
show you that I really like and like you
know I was on three episodes of that was
that you know the show you know what is
it oh it was like it's like the stalker
show on Netflix we're like the guy
stalks the girl and you're rooting for
him somehow and he's like yeah it's
really interesting the way they do it
it's very good it's really fucking bin
jabal like it's like one of those oh the
next episode and I had watched the first
season and it was a huge hit on Netflix
it was on the Lifetime network it wasn't
a hit Netflix bought it and then it
would just blew up I watched the first
season and I liked it and then this part
came up for me to do in the second
season and I was like oh yeah I want to
do it because I like the show and it's
drama you know I'm not you know because
the best version for me comedic Lee is
to do my fucking stand-up I'm not I want
to be in you know these cards that come
out cares whatever
I was like it's interesting to me yeah I
want to do it and I did it and I played
the kind of like nemesis for the main
guy for the first few episodes and um it
was uh it was it was cool but it was
drama so you're not like laughing all
day like I'm tied up to a chair I'm
fucking I'm doing these kinds of roles
where I'm like fighting and shitting and
it's it's it's boring
do you know what I mean like you're
waiting for this shit here we go either
the same thing nine times hurry up and
wait
yeah perfect and then we are doing it
you doing the same thing nine times and
it's a drama and I like the project and
it was great to do and I'm happy I did
it and the show's great I love the show
but the actual experience if I'm being
honest to do these like thinking about
the revenant like that saying that was
fun has to be the wrong word
it's fulfilling Shore rewarding
rewarding great yeah but it's not fun to
be in that will make up the function
like the way you do your podcast you you
just rant so it's like in the moment
right then the way you do stand-up
you're on stage it's live right it's all
in the moment totally there's that
preparation all for the premiere they're
all just waiting here yes
great there's six months of my life yeah
now I wait to see what I'm doing next
and let's start doing the new thing or
at Christ I know and if you have one
when it sucks like I was talking Downey
right after do love that bomb yeah I
guess and the critics one after mom it's
good for a nine you're sure it's just so
hard to break through yeah anyway it's
fucking it's not the best movie that's
the reality on it and the guy came off
of the Avengers which is like whatever
yeah and he is our man like you can have
a bunch of different spider-man's you
could replace the Incredible Hulk
yeah he's Iron Man you try to have some
new Iron Man people can we get the fuck
out of here though that's not what I saw
a clip of you maybe if you went real
young the beginning of Iron Man and he
was like twenty a man was never young
yeah in the comics
when the comic-book he was an older guy
was a genius um I saw clip where you
were talking to him I loved him
and and he was saying and you were like
it would be so you were saying nobody
else could be Iron Man you got to be
Iron Man if they ever come back you got
to do it and he was like maybe I will
maybe I won't he was like and you said
it would be so awesome if you came back
and you said it would be also awesome if
you never came back like you know I mean
and I was like that's that's that's
fucking I thought it was interesting
because it's like yeah I wouldn't
fucking you wouldn't want to see so
because he is Iron Man right but you
wouldn't want to see him had anyone else
to it but him hanging it up after that
is the shit yes some things go bad you
don't reduce to be awesome like Star
Wars like I was reading this thing when
this girl was who plays one of the
people in Star Wars huh was bummed out
at how bad the movie was received and
she's like I had such an amazing time
doing the film and I really loved it and
then people just shit all over it right
and I was like well yeah that's that's
what you do right you put something out
doesn't just cuz you enjoy doing it
doesn't mean people gonna like it so if
you're like if you're Harrison Ford
right who spoiler got killed he might
have got out right in time yeah yeah
before those things went totally
sideways it's just like a show that's
like by Breaking Bad I had never seen
Breaking Bad ever and I'm on season five
now there's a quarantine I'm like great
you know I'm watching the show it ends
after five seasons dude if a show goes
beyond five seasons it's really hard to
maintain real hard I mean like I was i
watch Dexter after four seasons I
thought the first four seasons were
fucking amazing
after the John Lithgow season I was just
like all right I lost it at the John
let's go yeah the John Lithgow I was
like it's just like he would have been
caught he was just fucking you know I
mean it's like yeah there was also like
there's a terrible scene where he's
choking some girl in a bathtub and like
yeah it's fake stupid rear naked one no
it was a really good joke oh it was and
then he cut her leg in the bath I'm like
this is it she's not even fighting this
is not people who fight you like a wild
animal you wouldn't hold on to somebody
like that it's just you can't do a show
for like
looking dead that's it great for three
seasons it was fucking that second
season was amazing great but then it's
like okay I got to a certain point like
this is a fucking terrible show yeah but
but and it's not even it's not even the
show's fault it's the fans fault you
keep watching the shit it's like you
can't make a show good for 13 seasons
and unless you have like 50 people that
are writing it and a hundred and eighty
people that are working on the set all
those people have jobs you wanted to
stay employed so everybody keeps going
and if you quit then everyone's gonna be
mad at you yeah yeah your heart's not in
it anymore I mean like you know Sopranos
was I think six seasons I think that's
the most you can go maybe yeah
lost lost was another one by the time I
was over I was like what is this shitty
show right they used to be amazing
people forgot about lost lost was a
fucking amazing show yeah I saw the
first few seasons and it was just you
know that show got lost I think that uh
that because it was it didn't come out
it came up before the streaming shit you
know I mean once this if that came out
like a few years later it would have
been people would still be talking about
it I feel like people don't because JJ
Abrams became such a big deal and now
they talk about him doing other shit
which is a forgot about it there's just
too many
the thing about shows is now unlike back
in the day you can access all of them so
it's not like if you wanted to watch
Starsky and Hutch 20 years ago like
locked right where you gonna find it
right right is there a DVD if stars kind
of forgot about that you can't watch you
couldn't watch you couldn't watch it so
once a show was off the air it was just
off the air yeah but now they just pile
up I know they just keep piling up he's
no way you can watch Handmaid's Tale and
Ozark and stranger thing that's why I
give up you got to be okay with giving
up like if it shows not your bag you got
to give up like like Game of Thrones I
watched it for 4cs I know you love that
fuck I'll show you I know but I just you
know what it's not my style of show man
why are you saying I mean awesome no it
is awesome no it is awesome but it's
only awesome
it's like Breaking Bad the reason why I
love Breaking Bad the reason why
Sopranos I love it so much is because
there's fucking humor in it man there's
humor in
times there is zero humor in Game of
Thrones
true and I get that that's a style but I
just can't be sucked into something four
five six seasons where nobody trips
where nobody is just like awkward at a
table and they're just talking about
dragons in the most serious fucking way
yeah but there's real dragons back then
I know there were real dragons back then
but still problems there real problems
people were like and I'm not waiting and
I'm not saying the show's not great it's
absolutely great and I could never
fucking put that show together in my
life it's all it's awesome but it's just
awesome all the time and I need a break
from it some need humor I and I don't
need something to be rip-roaring ly
funny the whole time as a matter of fact
I don't want it to be what was so funny
the whole time sometimes funny yeah
sometimes when you watch Ozark Ozark the
first season I saw it was killer
loved it did you give up after the first
year yes because it was mostly only
awesome the only humor that ever came is
because Jason Bateman is humorous yeah
wasn't a human wasn't a humor it wasn't
like yeah but it's so good the only time
I can be involved in a fucking movie or
something with zero humor is if it's
with like Liam Neeson in it and he's
just kicking ass the whole time until
the end see I feel like he's got brittle
bones he's too old I don't buy him with
all these face punches and something
guys gonna break his hand
I just taken is the shit to me but yeah
of course he's gonna have to why I'm
like you ain't kicking everybody's ass I
know but also he watching show with
dragons in it yeah but what's it this is
more gonna punch somebody they're gonna
duck catch them on the for his hands
shatter it's gonna blow up like a
balloon
that's what I know yeah yeah I know that
yeah when a show tries to be a little
bit too much the realness of it you're
like okay it's not real anyway so just
that's what I'm saying I'd rather watch
outbreak then fucking contagion mmm-hmm
because it's like especially now I watch
outbreak the other night and it was like
and you were like we talked about this
before parkas and you were like how now
and I was like yeah because it's still
it's kind of silly but contagion I can't
do
I heard contagions almost perfect but
then like that's how these things break
out no it's great it's a great movie but
there's a game that you can play like a
virus end of the world
I forget what it's called maybe it's
pandemic I forget what the name of the
game is but my kids were playing it long
before all this shit was going on and
what's crazy is the way this game works
if you have a gif you have a virus that
kills people quickly it doesn't spread I
was just saying this on my podcast
because the but it's in the virus best
interest is read slower yeah so it's
hits more people that's why this one's
so crazy because not only does it spread
yeah but it spreads through a bunch of
people that don't even show sympathy no
it's slow because it wants to survive
that's fucking creepy this is a weirdest
fucking virus ever it's creepy it's so
weird because I've never even heard of
something where people so many people
test positive and nothing happens to
them weird but some people are dead I
know
I mean we've lost a lot of like really
cool interesting people are gone because
of this virus and then other people are
just shaking it off like George
Stephanopoulos nothing oh I didn't know
you had it yeah his wife's got it real
bad I did a TV show his wife way back in
the day and she apparently has it bad
body aches and pains and Ali Wentworth
she's cool as fuck but she's really
hilarious - so she's got it really bad
and he's how old are they um I don't
know she's probably like how old is she
he doesn't even have any symptoms he
said he doesn't feel anything he tested
positive and she's really struggling
that Chris Cuomo guy he's got it and
he's like a mild fever at night he says
it gets bad yeah
no fever but yeah I mean how much
different do you think it would have
been if Tom Hanks died we'd have been
rough but but people only reason would
have been a lot scared oh yeah or Rita
Wilson yeah you know if his wife oh she
she lived and he died Oh Bill Withers
didn't die from it right he died from
something else right didn't have a heart
condition yeah yeah I don't think it
died from Cove it so he just died in the
middle of it all so that got from center
and live died who somebody a yeah yeah
yeah that they all loved so sad man
a lot of people gone man a lot of people
gone this is like I said it is a weird
virus where it doesn't necessarily
really make sense where some people get
it and it's devastating and other people
get it and it's it's just does nothing
weird oh my but my parents are fucking
72 71 70 71 to be to my three parents no
I don't know but at 72 so I got eight
parents my mom my dad uh my other dad
and no and you know you got to think
about like yo just at home
my mom's 73 same deal you know they're
they're worried about it if you had you
young yeah yeah she had me when she was
nice it's some one of those things where
you know when you're older and you see
the news like the the percentage of
people that are like above 80 that get
it that survived I mean it's still like
yeah it's still well yeah it's still
like 90% naked right I don't know for
your fucking parents like that yeah my
parents are healthy they take care of
themselves but fuck man yeah and he
looked 30 year olds died people young
people died I was reading about this
this woman she lost her husband and her
20 year old son no so yeah yeah nothing
worse they don't know why though this is
the things like they're in the middle of
gathering data and trying to figure it
out so they don't know like what's
causing some people to have this
spectacular reaction to it will they die
horribly and other people it just
bounces off the old the blood type thing
about how he did yeah I don't know if
that's any yeah I don't know it just
seems to me that there's a lot to learn
about this disease they don't really
know the really scary shit that I've
been reading is I was reading something
Jamie what's that article that I sent
you today where they're they're thinking
that it's possible that this this that
they're saying that this was that it's
the same this area okay what is this
this website is reloaded okay this is in
the Daily Mail so it might be a horse
shit
the Wuhan lab performing coronavirus
experiments on bats from the caves where
the disease is believed to have
originated with a three million pound
grant from the u.s. AdBlocker huh see
The Daily Mail's at least kind of full
of shit or sensationalized see if that's
someone's writing that that's from a
page but here's the thing what fucking
paper can you really 100% believe today
I don't have a paper that you go I used
to do I don't know who to go to well the
New York Times for me is still my number
one choice yeah I mean I well just
looking at the news to like I don't know
what to watch either like if I keep it
on you know now I go back and forth I
literally go from the extremes I go to
CNN and then I'll do Fox News because I
want to fucking at least see what that
both of them are saying yeah see this I
don't like this with their say according
to one unverified claim scientists the
Institute could have become infected
after being sprayed with blood
containing the virus and then passed it
on to the local community it sounds like
a movie it does well I mean everything
sounds like a fucking movie now yeah
this shit
our world is a movie right now have you
seen that uh great job
the cartoon the American president what
the hell's a cartoon called and Showtime
it's really funny no is it a trumpet
about Trump yeah it's him the guy who
does it sounds just like it's really
funny no I've never heard of it yeah
it's it's there's too many things to why
I know I know that God you got your shit
going on man no you know just do it
yourself
oh my god I can't believe when I started
a podcast podcast like I was I was like
I guess I'll try it and I'm like oh this
is the best yeah you know no one can
tell you what to do here is oh yeah the
cartoon president is what our cartoon
president's funny man I was 2018 it's
been yeah two to three years yeah this
has been going on for two years
yeah how do I not know this
there's too much to pay for bear show
[Laughter]
no one trolls Trump part of that Colbert
now look at look at look at her did you
see Trump announced like his team that
he put together to start the economy
again one of the people on his only
seven people on the team one of them is
his daughter and one of them is her
husband he doesn't give a fuck dude
I think they backed off of that later
later in the day yesterday with him and
her yeah yeah good call what do you
think maybe she'd had the fucking the
smartest minds of economics and health
how do you know they're not how do you
know they're not I've heard them talk I
just I don't get it I don't get it I
don't get nepotism when it comes to say
it's fucking hardcore
saving the world ya know and that ISM
all right you get a job with you you get
a job with who you know yeah that's what
happens but like to saving the world
thing yeah let's get the economy
this is the ideas just restart the
economy so you say well let's give them
the benefit of the doubt maybe they have
a strong background in economics new
Trump panel on reopening US economy
won't include health officials oh great
senior White House that's Jared Kushner
and Ivanka truck have been expected to
be part of the team but US president
says they won't be included oh ok so so
he he got the bad press from that he's
like okay I'm surprised they didn't make
him add more family members in trouble
double down Trump teaches us shit like
oh you could just double down and it's
better yeah when it comes to some things
it's true yeah I mean how many people
are just barking fake news anytime
there's something they don't like I mean
if you told me five years ago that you
could just be like this that's not true
when you know it's true and get away
with it I would
be like no but you can't as long as
there's enough people that have your
back do you know that there's a super
conservative Network but what is it Oh a
n oh yes yes yes yes where the guy
literally says even when I'm wrong I'm
right all right that's my favorite news
that that's what he does what he says
one American news network also known as
one American news is a conservative
far-right news and opinion channel owned
by herring networks launched in 2013
it's in San Diego California and
operates news bureaus in Washington DC -
that'll be seats here if you're gonna go
for it then just go for it yeah do you
know what I mean and this is the news
and I'm sure of it because I agree with
myself
Chris Thalia signing off like guys
literally says when he signs off he goes
even when I'm wrong I'm right that's
what he says Wow that's news yeah
and is he here you want me to Brighton
style he's probably talking to the seals
he gets to the security guys he starts
telling war stories
what are you telling those guys use mine
shut the door bro dude we're talking
about one American news network bro let
me ask you a question my dad was toast
for the past 45 minutes was explaining
China to me so how did you it's amazing
it's amazing that you got boring already
good this is how he always should have
been
don't let job bully you no don't let him
bully you how did you know how did you
not know okay so I don't but how old are
you something I'm into this I'm in my
40s there you go older and gayer than
Ian McClellan he's older and gayer than
Ian McKellen
that's a shitty lens
I have no symmetrical my face is and how
sharp my nose is no listen look older
and Gavin is holding water I'd eaten a
lot of cheese probably you look like he
looking at you and he's saying how are
you older and gayer than me he's biting
his lower lip thinking of sucking your
cock man and when I went backstage I was
in college
I'm animators one-man Shakespeare show
this ends in tears write this story this
story is in tears
listen I want to say one thing before we
started oh please
okay cool and this is important okay I
just want to say don't be shitty I just
want to say just from heart okay no I'm
being nice I'm sorry proud because it
sounds like you're setting something up
no backwards just be cool here this is
your okay yes my special is release yes
no pain so to me it's just so satisfying
to watch my right it's just in the sense
that my my comedy child if you will in a
way the way they did just because you
serve them for me and so to watch you
watch me and you know to take me and
then to even expand it I'm like
McDonald's is what you're saying you
said that right no and that's it and
it's good to see who you are right so
you're a pop comic right who has to keep
it reinventing himself now you're 40
okay and now we got it right now we got
a deep in things and that's where I'm
gonna help you okay okay and how are you
gonna help me what's what how are you
going to help me Magneto's mount helmet
yeah we're gonna start with the helmet
and then you're gonna take we're gonna
sit down and I'm gonna give you a
reading why are you dressed like a
fucking mannequin you are dressed like a
j.crew mannequin you shop at J fucking
cruel gym like it's 2,000 degrees I do
too but look at you you can't tell us
James first they make nice shirts did
you learn a wife-beater underneath no
dude
you are a fucking wife beater underneath
like you're in a play from the 40s dude
what the fuck is wrong with you
he's my torso warm hold on what's the
temperature
have you ever worn a color have you ever
worn a color exercise earthtones Ryan
it's 80 degrees unbelievable Joe listen
it keeps my lower it keeps my lower back
my mid body warm so if I have to
generate torque I've got a throw-up kick
got a throat I'm not gonna twist my back
so my back stays you should never take
anybody
I saw your kicks first of all I want to
say this you're welcome fun what dude
how about this you're welcome no how
many wifebeaters you own dude that's why
he was underneath
he wears underneath you won't let me
wear tank tops you know why because your
wife is fucking smart and fashionable
but you dude you look like you if you
take off that fucking shirt you have a
wife beater on bro you have an actual
wife you know my wife beater my we
should talk like you already look like a
wife beater don't wear one and that's
great okay you do look you have a very
hard look she said you look like a
meathead she goes you don't want to like
give people face I knew you had it you
looked your face one time you were
interviewing Randy Couture and you had a
wider head than Randy so that's not
what's weird is that you can always
bring a conversation around to a man's
Anatomy that's what's weird that's true
that is what's weird and now speaking of
anatomy yeah you're getting older hey
but no it's good when I saw you when I
see old video of you you look healthy
and now you don't not look healthy yeah
but you look less no right you look less
listen to me you look like you're
wearing a Bryan Callen mask
so don't ever fucking listen no no okay
what now this is my house number one
you're welcome for Joe Rogan right now I
know we're and now we're closer than you
that's impossible so Jojo said to me
long ago he brought some numbers he said
he says hey I go out he goes this Chris
D'Elia kid you know and I said I said
what he goes crazy
and I go he's alright
and in Javas okay oh so you get them
yeah you got blessing the door open now
if I want to shut the door I got glanced
at him wrong I glanced at him and you're
banned okay do the presses show with a
wife-beater on just just almost a
wife-beater please look dude I'm not
gonna sit here what your what's up dude
I just don't understand how many layers
you have when it's 80 degrees outside
unbelievable you look like a fucking
tell me tell me right now you're
watching a play about the 40s and then
this and then halfway through he comes
in you're like that's the trouble that's
a guy were struck ssin where's my beer
there you go he's one of those guys that
I'm like you know those you're not like
mom yeah cuz you gonna die soon no you
know those girders where the guys are
eating lunch and they're like fatty 80
fucking stories yeah yeah yeah you're on
you're on the picture of all the guys
sitting on the beach there's no wasted
space on my body you body you know I
mean you're a building first of all I be
condemned right if I was a building I
tell you what I need more floors than
you that's what I would picture
telling each and every one of those guys
right there the guy right there bro but
what's the deal with savages just
sitting there
unbelievable lunch with their hands look
at lunch box there's a man you don't
even know him to kill a baby you wasting
away
hey yeah you only got from Chris know
where the day well I sent a video and he
goes I just got this I got a text you
look gone huh you piece of shit gone huh
yeah my neck looks thicker with this
hair Bachmann says that you're in your
50s I know but my face is more
symmetrical too but why does it make
your neck look thicker just from
training years training what dolphin
sniffing I got you
that's a fucking burn dude it's not
that's the hardest for you and paper
this stupid bar I fucking burn you doing
laughter sigh do I cut for myself good
fucking you wearing Gucci Gucci loafers
huh nope sure yeah you know why because
I just got tested I'm negative and you
probably about comedy my heart's beating
I have to get my finger pricked I'm very
squeamish about that no I should real
your hearts beating can you do my spore
arm your nose is your heart make that
thing small hey your noses get bigger so
something we can take tea I forgot it's
cold
gave it to me let me ask you a question
man you are your hearts beating extra
fast because you got to get your finger
pricked or because you're in a room with
us be honest in a room with us two young
guns Chrissie he's got a lot of tattoos
I want to talk about this on Joe Rogan
okay you um no no you got flames on your
wrist your goddamn rapper dope
hey guys they're thinking about putting
grenades in my hand agree Wow Hardegree
so it's so distracting when you're on
stage
no Joe why do you that cuz I hope cuz
I'm a bomb about 101 old timey bomb like
a bowling ball oh yeah that's a good
idea
oh yes two grenades in a big ol talk now
see that's where it gets a little bit
gay and and you know it's just odd to
have a cock on your hand
okay okay can't tattoo your hand when
you're in your 50s I don't think that's
why I did or early on guys I did it
early I think so unless you're like that
unless you're like a mercenary of some
kind and still grizzled and you know
what you should get on your knuckles
life rips just as an ode to me thank you
fuck thank you
good annoying thank you no no it's okay
but thank you for doing that ya know cuz
I took a picture with a girl after my
show yeah and she showed me her hand she
look it says and it said life rips yeah
she was a plant I told her to but I tell
people yeah you know I tell people to go
get these tattoos for him you know I
tell people to go to his show and wear
my merch and they show up all the time
and they were and they were and they
were shocked
other pockets of places where you wear
my March at Bryant college so you make
sure it and and there's 50 people it
makes me so dense
yo den cuz he said cuz it's a saying oh
it's a saying we did biddies oh yeah
yeah okay yeah let's just say that and
you have a paper airplane on your
fucking chair damn right you know why
makes me want a three in a flying
headlock no you couldn't know I could
wake up from a nap and slap you around
by the way you do take naps right
because you're old you go like this well
it's 2:30 you know like that you go see
you guys at 3:30 if you knew anything
about sleep you take a 20-minute nap no
more with your legs up right because you
like the blood to go down yeah dude
you're too old he too old and by 20
minutes I take a sitting nap
this guy reads a fucking thing and then
changes his whole life that's you do
that's right violence I'm a reader the
guy who's how did you guys have enough
to talk about by the way didn't he run
out of we did we fucking something we
talked about you a little bit oh you did
oh yeah the video of you talking about
shitting in your backyard
that's so funny story yes so funny have
you just covered a few of them yeah I
never shit myself though in my adult
life I never shit my pants I have you
know I know anybody has done it like 12
times at least I'd bet money that it was
really solid well yeah cuz you push and
you keep going yeah you keep going you
take chances
that's right and you live hard you take
risk take you're always in a coffee shop
so you can go right to the bay right
leave good I'm being polite boys here
first is leave all the way dude please
no no I drove all the way here yeah yeah
yeah you did it's far yeah test he's
gonna take we got to make sure that's
right now can I ask you a question okay
but don't be shit I'm not do you think
how quickly do you think your career
mmm-hmm would stop mm-hmm which screech
do all if you shaved your head well you
have barely any hair and you
career no no listen I have a lot of TV
shows going what's the deal with it
what's the deal what bonk are you oh I
didn't realize you're playing a ball guy
in school not I have a hiatus right now
the shows I might get into might be
forever Kristen I might be doing some
more shows shows it is crazy but it is
possible you know we were been talking
about like when do you get back to doing
live shows and there's people that are
thinking that it's not gonna be until
2021 like like the fall of 2021 because
we're people it's gonna be a disaster
and there's gonna be a lot of people
that don't want to take vaccines there's
a fucking meme going around things I
would trust before I would trust Bill
Gates vaccine yeah and it's like there's
a there's a series of them you mean the
guy who likes babysitting and there's a
bunch of different like Bill Cosby's
cocktail that's Russian BOTS I mean a
Russian brandy coat or tweeted it he put
it on his Instagram today have you seen
it Jamie
no they are just remember though when
they were locking the shit down and they
were like yeah big groups that people
can't gather and so Joe and I had to
cancel our tour and then they were like
now ten people can't get together and
you were like fuck I guess I can't do
shows I'm sorry no because they were
saying the thing about how things I
trust more than the vaccine from Bill
Gates caste shit sushi that's very good
top right is hilarious wins tap water
from Michigan a daycare run by Casey
Anthony I said I said because we did
that funny
grunting name-dropping we have a time
sure I loved his calves he's the best
he's got the biggest calves in the world
oh my god and
and he he could carry all of us he could
feed us for a week with one of his back
to talk about male anatomy no is he
saying and he said I said oh well me and
Brandon are gonna do a sketch another
sketch show a 3d fighter in kid 3d I
want to put you know and then cuz I see
your face got hungry I love doing secret
shows that nobody sees so he goes the
Internet's a sketch we don't need any
sketch shows anymore and I was like fuck
yeah well what I'm worried about
legitimately worried about is two things
one this thing morphing there was an
article that I just sent Jamie earlier
about India where they're saying that
the vaccine won't work on the new strain
of rotavirus it's mutated in India India
has its own version of it yeah so these
doctors are scrambling to try to keep up
with these mutations and figure out what
though taking you a weaker version but
does the flu mutate every year yes and
then there's vaccines for flus yes so
hopefully they'll be better right
and the next flu could be like the
fucking h1n1 that kills like 40% of
people it morphs into a weaker so AIDS
has had to compromise itself so often
with these protease inhibitors that
actually now they think when you contact
AIDS it's something that incubates and
you can just have without taking any
drugs in some cases so they've got
weaker because it got weaker so the
virus can be weaker typically as if
viruses I can say this story but
typically I think viruses get weaker as
they are as the same you to disseminate
into the population yeah my guess you
with is that we develop resistance you
would know you run Veronica's closet you
were on that fucking show no I wasn't on
that show no I was you played the ball
guy I was on Sex in the City
yeah you aren't Reba we should watch my
reel laughter that's the ball game dude
Sex in the City you weren't sex of the
city people send me all the time shit
about you fucking the girls look what
the fuck us may have to keep social
distancing until 2022
scientists predict
want to hear your predictions bro I just
it's not about the fatality this shit so
how are they not wrong about that that's
not that's not a feasible solution
either here we go dude listen you catch
it your constitution is mmm you've never
you never in the Sun right so no yeah
are you do would you Blanche dude
there's no I jump duck I'm Italian oh
you have Irish that's where but where do
you get the Albanian no I'm not Albanian
and there's nothing wrong with that but
I'm not no I'm Italian
no I'm not saying that but I'm saying
where would you what are you what s Nick
group do you think that you closely if
you were to play a carrot yeah Jeff
decides what Japanese I would love to
play a Japanese guy that's why you can't
do that I know I would love to do that
but I wouldn't even do an accent and I
wouldn't even like I would just be kind
of a little bit Japanese about no makeup
do you don't think you'd look you could
say they do take in for mm-hmm you'd
play one of the sex traffickers than
that right I would love to do that to be
need to do an accent
yeah way to say I don't know you're
barking up a wrong she you know 2022 is
not good I don't like that the sound of
that that's 20 22 that's bad
what no more we were supposed to do that
thing with Chappelle yeah well we
reschedule that shit time right now
hopefully how are we gonna do how are we
gonna I don't see that being feasible I
just I think they just test people well
that is right but then Trump said that
there's no way Americans all Americans
are gonna get tests well I mean I don't
know if you want to get tested you can
get tested like Brian's gonna get tested
and an hour from now it's fucking easy
they test your blood I think it costs
200 bucks
they fight you find out right away BAM
15 minutes later you go yeah
or in your case fuck yeah Brian I don't
have $200 - yeah I don't know testing
all my guests you sure anybody that
comes in here come in here 15 minutes
for the show test your blood get in here
it's a good I hugged him I hugged him we
first got a touched anybody in for
as soon as you test a possible adheres
my thing about that statistically aren't
we all pretty much guaranteed to catch
it and not die well yeah just some
people know you know the thing about it
is you really can't judge this like any
other virus because it seems to affect
people very differently we were talking
about George Stephanopoulos has it and
he has no symptoms his wife has it she's
being devastated by it she's sicker than
she's ever been in her life Wow so it
doesn't make any sense yeah it's it's
people that are healthy and young get it
and they're on ventilators people who
are old get it nothing happens and then
some people just die and some people
don't even know they have it they say as
many as 70% of the people that have it
have no symptoms at all he's amazing
they don't understand it okay so let me
play devil's advocate without with all
due respect to the people who perished
and all that is when you have a disease
like that and it isn't it the whole it
doesn't it make more sense to quarantine
in a targeted way don't we get people
who are old and infirm with underlying
conditions can't we target but then
again is that is that reasonable because
in Italy three generations live in the
same house right right so that's why it
was so devastating to the old there well
places like you know your grandparents
what are you supposed to do that's a
real issue would you have to be very
responsible if you live in with your
grandparents you can't be out but you
can't you can't say it you bomb you
can't say hey some of you quarantine
then it's just gonna keep the VARs are
gonna keep going I've got to say people
that are actually very at risk but
people who I get it I get what you're
saying you know well what I'm hoping is
they can come up with antibodies and
they can get the antibodies in people
before they have an immunity to it
before they have rather a vaccine for it
yeah so it should sell your blood yeah
when people have antibodies like Tom
Hanks I know he donated his blood a lot
of people don't in their blood don't get
some of that I also think that people
have to take their fucking immune system
very very seriously people take their
health care plan seriously they take
their 401k plan seriously their car
insurance seriously take your
fucking personal immunity your physical
body take care of that shit man and most
people don't there's a lot of people
there just eating sugar and smoking
cigarettes and Jimmy Burke who the saint
that he is Jimmy Burke is this is what
he does in New York this guy he's on his
bike free of charge and he delivers food
to the poor and the old and the people
who can't you know and he's usually up
in poor areas of New York and one of the
frustrating things he gets a list from
that family and he has to go buy what
they want and he said he goes it's so
frustrating to me because they're there
they're very poor but they're asking for
the worst food pop-tarts
donuts soda it's nothing that's a
substance he's like I just wanna
whatever time I drop it off I want to be
like I can teach you a little bit about
nutrition you'll be a little healthier
and a lot of times really overweight
diabetes is such a problem and say like
in Spanish Harlem it's such a problem
it's epidemic
well they said one of the things they're
finding in New York City is the number
one factor for having a disastrous
result is over being overweight yes like
the smoking in China this is our version
you shred it like me you're probably not
gonna feel people were overweight or
getting fucking destroyed by this
disease yeah
and that's tough man yeah obesity is
what's the number one factor in New York
City but I think cigarette smoking got
to be high on that well yeah I mean yeah
when you have a cardiovascular disease
anything that's going to my lungs
respiratory yeah damn this is so scary
yeah it was a lot more fun before you
got here we were talking ourselves we're
talking about and you're just talking
about like more like damn I feel weird
because you don't have headphones on it
we do like you're not one of us sorry
why do you not have the headphones on I
don't sit on my face they make your ears
yeah they make you look you look hot to
be honest you have a small head I guess
why I haven't no no and so one thing I
won't take no it's fine or something no
what no hey the internet wouldn't call
you pinhead they don't I call you
pinhead guy sure stop saying kill people
Wharton's you with your head like 8%
head down
Hey so small head Brian see see you're
saying that now of course it's gonna
catch fire now be careful no I I'm
telling people on the Internet please
don't call Brian small head bride right
I don't want them to because I'm talking
and you interrupted right so we can all
agree on that
so you made a mistake and that's fine
right but but the reason why it's okay
that you have a small head yeah because
you you have a small body as well I have
brought you soul although your head look
small for your body it leaves your body
still on the small side but it's not
small enough to make your head look
proportionate look at me look at me you
line up a hundred supports a B 1099
right I would lose to him in in
something that required if you said well
being a contortionist you know you got
to be bendy and that's a sport he can't
move his body you your very man he can't
leave his body they don't say they go
like this when they I used to think my
name was he can move his body
what the fuck people beats the point and
look at me I'm like man Chris you're
bendy because you don't have you don't
stand for anything would you be
interested in having a competition with
him and some sort of sport yeah but he
would lose we already tried we do
whatever would you try it oh my god he
can't singing he has no wind I got wind
growin bro I got no wind you got you
broken you should see me do it I do see
you could hold a note no longer yeah
okay cool I mean I beat him by I mean it
was embarrassed okay fine you beat him
by anyway this was a while but my note
was way better no no see your shit is
fucked
sound like a singer you can sing I saw
when you were washing your hands you
were saying yeah like an opera singer I
stopped guys Josh Groban saw me oh yeah
he's got he sings weird stuff like old
timey yeah yeah a young guy who would
sing Duncan that's like some Harry
Connick jr. type shit yeah
but new yeah yeah he's a funny dude if
you've met him no Josh mom is a good guy
funny guy yeah great sense of humor I
believe you yeah you have to put yeah
dude what's the deal man on the Internet
dude the people on the internet don't
say that Bryan Callen is the biggest
Josh Groban fan don't do that and don't
say he has a small head hey you might be
Josh Groban I think a lot of young I
think a lot of girls like him of course
he's handsome right he's cute he's a
cutie pie was that mean he's got chris
d'elia hair little thicker and with
depth
- he's thicker than me no no his hair
well that's well no no okay dude up 40 I
made it bro now you have he dodged the
bullet thank you awesome
no little darker than normal so so
somebody is using what no I don't fuck
that at every dyeing your head no I
can't wait to be a silver fox dude and
she's gonna be one are you saying that
he like purposely died some of the hairs
yeah you might be taking some mascara to
his beard okay there's a weird thing
when you see a guy and all of a sudden
this beard is dark yeah hey yeah that's
the thing it's like we get we know you
dude yeah we've seen you before
what are you doing New York art history
white and now it's black yes yeah and
it's a weird reddish kind of brown you
know that I've done just for men yeah
and in my friend I think was Burke said
hey don't ever do that again
yeah good it just doesn't like God for
yeah whatever though you're an actor
sometimes you have to fucking get you to
play you know if you wanna play younger
if you gonna put like 55 you don't want
to die I'm sorry now careful
there's my gray sexy I'm a good-looking
man what size jeans sexy gray and I'm
dying mathletics I got a strong job
together like you're keeping it together
but your gray yeah have you seen me move
around a ring or on a matter are you
still not don't say your shoulders
doesn't bother you this motherfucker
how annoying are you about this boxing
bullshit dude I was in a car damn
motherfucker I can't I got to j FL you
know Jay FL the fucking Just for Laughs
yeah Just for Laughs Montreal I get
there I get there early and I got my
shows later tonight and I'm like I
fucking yeah it's awesome I get to see
everybody it's fun were in Montreal
whatever but the door the fuckin
elevator by the way I didn't know he was
there the elevator opens this guy walks
out in he looked like it looked like it
was his schooled outfit by it was going
to the gym and a fucking bitch ass
backpack and I go like this whoa where
are you going and he goes like this ah
come on man and I was like no no no
where are you going right now it was
like 11 in jfl go away be sleeping for
still because we're all comedians and
it's 11:00 and rhombic Haitian basically
exactly 7:00 yeah exactly
so be sleeping still and this guy I got
it out of because I guess there's a gym
near by him uncle box and I was like
this you know what you're so fucking
annoying about the shit you were boxing
while we were at a comedy festival he
goes because I said there's a guy who's
gonna take me around the ring I'm gonna
practice and you know and he goes okay
turn around right now yeah and put your
back on corner the boxing the fact that
he brought like things to the jfl to be
like no I'm gonna pack this I want to be
ready in case there's a situation dude
and I have to protect what situation bro
I got people you hang out with they
could all take care of it you hang out
with sha'ban fucking Rogan oh but what
if somebody starts giving you a shove
around shove around osoto gari oh my god
that's a judo move yes yes all day long
man that's somebody comes at me let's go
got it all day long man all day long you
give it at me
oh so I got you all day long yeah man
come on bro you've studied the Lord
you've trained a little oh you should
need San Shi go Roku yeah I'm up to six
that's pretty good so to Gatti's what's
wrong with your shoulders just so
they're narrow right and I'm sorry
you're sick physically can't throw
punches no I can't I can wreck this slow
bar right so you come at me I check
you're a lot of guys when they get older
that's what starts going right hmm so I
got to do a whole warm-up more or more
you know what you could do stop box I
know you could do that because you're an
actor but I might have to protect you
because all of a sudden you crawl in the
fetal position oh man don't do that I
gotta step off get off my friend right
now and then you pee no no fucking pants
and they don't fit you why because my
legs are from sports and you know still
mad about that shit though your cat's
lot lie lie and say my legs aren't
getting bigger go ahead lie I can't
we've been doing you've been lifting
yeah dude the up I do squats I do we're
uh elevated split squats yeah I know I
saw that
now you're gonna you're mean rear
elevated splits Kwame they're the worst
exercises when your knees could go in a
minute right was I saying something okay
Keep Calm so you you do like this and
you keep your leg elevated and you just
go down on one ball carrier oh and I get
squat yeah oh yes it's like a lunge kind
of yeah but it's less with your back leg
to z times a week good I wanna dance
yeah we know man yeah you might be
forced to it might just use your legs
and dance yeah you can get a hip
replacement right now my shoulders are
perfect why do you wear grey shirts I
don't know well it's wet it's always
under your armpits everybody knows that
okay so why do you wear it all the time
well you wear three layers just this guy
is why am i sweating three fuckin layers
and it's it's it's in LA look I run
hotter Jack look one layer that's pretty
cool
no sweat yeah you look thick can you can
you even yes I would imagine you must be
mainly cardboard I mean as far as how
you are right now I'm tight oh god yeah
can you have you ever touched your toes
no bro I'm Way more flexible than you oh
that's ridiculous bring some realness
into this let's stop the humor I know
where we're being silly I know but dude
I'm Way more flexible than you
inflection dancing yes you're whispering
right you win right who could who could
just stand there and flatten out matter
me on how to present your body flat me
to you 100% dude bend down the right
here that's it don't you talk of me I'm
like flattened there's no way I could
almost get to my elbows grab your toes
and bring your head boys a contortionist
man put me in a box
put me in a box put me in a smaller box
you could probably fit in a box that I
would like to see both of you do this
okay to see one at a time Brian I can't
right now
I did some sled yo who you are as older
Santa know what what happen when you do
sled work that makes mine I'm very sore
right now your hamstrings yeah
everything's tore my my but you're
pushing sleds I was pushing the snow
working with a strength conditioning
coach yes the answer is yes and growing
but I gotta tell you that gets you
strong you're not growing enough he digs
his food around dude eat it don't that
motherfucker now how are you eating
because she doesn't primarily in
restaurants and know there's no
restaurant today I had today I had some
butcher box filet mignons no huh it's
French yeah and I had then I had some
chicken with snore yeah because you were
like that must be have been your number
one complaint like what the fuck you're
closing restaurants yeah well you know
what you know what the thing is I do I
am you know what I miss is your great
Instagram videos of you in a dimly lit
at restaurant when you're with ring for
lol oh yeah and you're like hey we're
just having a wine
but that's that's the content that not
only I want everyone wants on Instagram
when I think of Instagram I think of the
naked girls that are so when they're
pretending to show their watch but
really they're showing their cleavage
I'm sure I'm thinking about the funny
videos that all these young guys are
doing sure and the third thing that
comes to mind is you in a dimly lit
fucking restaurant somewhere in Venice
oops I'm still talking with Frank Grillo
talking about how good together wine is
you also have a Navy SEAL with you
okay would usually probably why is it
always frank grillo is your dining buddy
that's my dad he's a bachelor so he's my
neighbor so we are gonna do so we're
both covert safe so we said guys I can't
hang out with any of your covert safe we
did we take a risk you haven't been
chance we're close grill is a
good-looking guy I want to be friends of
him so bad bro let me tell you right now
right now I'm cool tell him to come here
in 45 minutes you can get tested too
that's a good call look out well I'm
Coulston and I'll tell you right now I
haven't done it I haven't even put my
fucking shit out there yet if I want I
could be better friends with gorillas
than you are he knows deep down he knows
deep down don't say that I'm just hoping
these fucking restaurants like Felix
stay open no um you know I'm worried
because that plate I fuckin crave that
place they have takeout Felix la calm
your two hour but dude I'll take a
chance
oh it's the best no no that would that
would kill me I talked to Janet yeah
how's she doing she had to lay off hit
furlough 700 employees oh this is a
fucking disaster
oh my god seven for someone like that
who put creates that much employment
she's got all these great restaurants
it's a Jesus her you ever been in that
place Felix in Venice pick so fucking
amazing it's so good normally don't eat
pasta but at that place I do it's so
good I ate there once when I was on that
carnivore diet I think the whole month
of January and I ate with Brian and what
was the dude's name that her friend Kyle
and so we all Alex Alex speak of the
name first and then say the real one
Alex engine
Kyle I had probably the best steak I've
ever had in my life I agree it's amazing
it's so good but it's just like to
everything the atmosphere the food's
like it would be such a tragedy if that
place one under well you know that if it
100 least we have Bryan's Instagram
videos right you never watch dinner you
go to swingers only oh that's they went
under they crazy that was that was my
favorite diner 24 hours a day you can go
there three o'clock in the morning and
get an amazing meal it was awesome
that's that place was so good Joey Diaz
called me so sad it was joe rogan how
many times you take me the fucking
swingers I know do you know that this
guy let me tell you what his routine was
forever forever ready he would wake up
because I would watch Chris I go let's
go eat come out if Anna's not no and he
never went out ever ever never wanted
her I was like what's going on
never had a drink of alcohol so I was
like what do you do and he goes well I
have a routine I said what is it he goes
I usually sleep til 12 and then I get
out and I drink coffee yes and then I
get on Facebook and then and then I go
to the supermarket supermarket I get
white bread nice turd tomato I would
always say Freddy monster right bread
mayonnaise yeah turkey yeah and cheese
and cheese and I eat that then I hang
around have coffee again yep anything
goes then I take a shower
mm-hmm I'm like I go back on Facebook no
yep and then I then I write a joke maybe
and then I yeah every single you
forgotten level the room part you forgot
the level the room but yeah but bro that
life was awesome that was awesome and
I'm glad I did that and you're saying it
like I would be insecure what I'm saying
it and I didn't say it like that it did
say let's think about it didn't say like
you don't you are a housecat you are a
Zac this is a houseguest is here this is
my man kisses bullshit you stretch you
hang around you you're nobody can hang
more than you doing nah dude
my shoulders go far
stop my shoulders my shoulders I have to
go on it for days
my shoulders go on for days you want to
know the future you ask me huh listen my
shoulders what you serious traps and a
neck that's from sports
that's from combat sports that's from
being a wrestler that's from coming into
contact with objective reality
oh sorry I could reality I'll say Co vid
it's obnoxious
I say Cove it I don't say Corona Seco
because you live essentially in the
Schreyer you're basically a man Hobbit
aren't you
the schrott of the shire this is very
he's an innocent chris isn't innocent
what is that fucking me look at the
friend you crushed you look it was Brian
years ago no I'm not I waste my drink a
lot of water yeah but give me some right
now they do be nice about it I should
have coffee right now
Buffy all over the place we have people
that work here are these fucking are
these nails no those are what wild boars
tusks yeah Wow from my buddy Adam green
tree same guy who shot that thing he
gave me those have you ever slain a boar
yeah you have yeah yeah there that to
hone ranch place have hunted them a
couple times out there they're
interesting how's the meat it's very
good yeah what's weird though is we were
in the we were walking down this trail
and we heard them fighting in the bushes
and if you didn't know any better you
like they didn't had no idea we were
there you would think they're demons
they were going to war with each other
oh it sounded horrible yeah it's a
horrible sound
don't worry I'll fuck you up man yeah
Wow pigs will fuck you up yes Harry yes
they will yeah so that's that's a old
boars tusks that's what that is
mm-hmm yeah yeah camping no
dude hey circuit man we got so let you
drink black coffee you are rugged no no
no hey just got a point no I'm a rugged
boy all right watch this fine no camping
at all ever no I went out one buddy
backyard once of the fucking way in the
woods a little bit and we stayed there
and then out of nowhere this old lady
was like can you guys keep it down and
we're like who the fuck's that and to
this day I think was a ghost you know
you should do actually all bullshit
aside we should go hunting you come you
you stay at the campfire great show yeah
you should be you should be waiting for
us when we come back with a pair of the
meal that's right so you be our guy and
you can shave down after we I'm not
gonna shave let me finish after you
shave down you make us a meal and
afterwards we fuck you in the wild
nobody's looking no they got fucking
cameras out there bro they probably do
now this guy and I we were in grocery
broke breaks it was such a trip he was
so great he fucking open to attack
cactus
I pulled quills out of his eyebrows and
his dies he pulled them out of my thighs
and we were doing weird shit we got so
stir-crazy at one point we're just
looking it was so fun though I take a
shit and I'm eating that mountain food
so it looked like mustard and this
fucking guy took a picture of it and put
a fucking stick with a flag we made a
flag out of aluminum foil like literally
we're in our late 40s like a couple of
morons morons it was some good I've
never laughs when you go hunting in your
miserable you laugh so hard well you and
I did we had a lot of fun that clip is
so funny that was a different one that
was Wisconsin all gotcha that clip that
was also very funny though that was our
friend Doug Durin's farm in Wisconsin
where by the way they don't even need to
meet there anymore because there's so
many instances of what they test it of
CWD
they're terrified of that that's the oh
I've been talking since that's what I'm
scared of more than any virus those
prion diseases those are terrifying cuz
you know rain just waste yeah you don't
that the chronic wasting it doesn't jump
right now from deer to humans but it
could
my uncle had that and he he basically my
I'm sorry mad cow he had he had spent a
lot of time in Africa and they don't
know what happened but his brain got
holes in it oh yeah and it was called my
Uncle Frank but in fact he's my cousin
okay well I call my uncle friend you
call it's one person Carl her name was
fucking Alex I know I change it up
that's not a good thing man it's my
mother's first heard my mother's first
cousin and what happened to him in there
i watch that it's a deterioration yeah
that's well you know Justin Wren the guy
who will fight for the Forgotten
heavyweight yeah I do do he's he's got
some sort of a parasite they don't even
know what it is he spends so much time
so deep in the Congo he's actually
catching parasites that they don't know
I'm sure don't know what they are it's
where Ebola hangs out - mm-hmm and all
kinds of shit yeah is it you know scares
my Sheriff spiders no shit that'll kill
you crazy oh yeah
spiders in the Congo that operate in
packs have you ever seen them you know
nothing would be scared oh no I have to
see lighters that seems like on YouTube
and shit you can bypass spiders in the
Congo so like like a rat well like run
into this spiderweb all swarm it was so
scary
yeah that's so scary a great impact like
crabs yeah it's like packs mm yeah you
just take his wallet no it's got scared
got too close to him why is your wall of
a snake on okay I'm venomous you know
they're poisonous - where where where
meet the spiders that have formed armies
50 thousands I mean forget it Oh BBC
earth yeah though the BBC Congo
documentaries the one that I saw that
has it the video is no longer available
son of a bitch on crab
I mean craddle come I do just be friends
no you don't just happens is there a
good French restaurant in LA that will
be closed by Thomas is over let me think
how many restaurants yes am I gonna be
done
malece melis it's in Santa Monica that's
how many restaurants are gonna be left
over when this is all said and done well
a lot of restaurants got a moratorium on
paying rent okay they should all get yes
so all those landlords should be like
hey look yes you got to realize what's
happening you you want that future rent
no one's gonna come along and that's a
good point you could be out of business
for fucking years the restaurant owners
that I know have gotten that yeah and
and and the biggest question is remember
the landlords that are responsible the
banks so you if it once it starts
rolling up to the banks now we got a
real problems all right
that's that's the issue what do you
think what do you think about Trump's
idea to bring it back with the food
wasted as coronavirus scrambles supply
chain oh yes 70% of his crops are just
going to trash trying to get some of it
away - food food banks whatnot but they
eat a quick only 700 acres get it done
hey stop being a pussy farmer be a
terrible president you'd be a terrible
president he'd be the best yeah I would
I would be the best and everyone knows
it
you know I Chris is so not politically
doesn't pay attention to any of this
stuff here's the deal I don't know I got
I was talking about pizza gate I'm a
podcast of the day man those
motherfuckers when you talk about pizza
gate people like do some fuckin research
dude it's so funny yeah
daliyah he's hanging out with Carolyn
too long he doesn't believe in the book
I guess you're not even worried about 5g
yeah I know
exactly exactly that was one too but
dude it's so funny so I was making fun
of it and people get mad and so I'm like
look we don't know the real deal we
don't know what's going on so it's like
what the fuck we don't know what's going
on
how you gonna find out what's going on
on Google you can find out on Google
yeah oh you're not gonna ask ina
I don't know ask China hey China
what's going on they're not gonna tell
you the truth no they get the fucking 20
to me I think it's in China's interest
to that I guarantee China's gonna clean
up those wet market synthetics they're
back open are they yeah there was a
video of them today
yeah the wet markets about go plow yeah
despite them saying that they're gonna
shout down
despite you know what they did do they
took dogs off of the livestock list but
they still you know what about bats it
didn't karana come from a bat well they
don't know man
they're saying it's likely right they're
saying it's likely that it came from a
bat but they're also saying it could
have come from a lab where they were
working on bats and accidentally escaped
this is they haven't ruled that out
anymore right they ruled it out
initially but now they're realizing like
well they actually we're working on
coronavirus according to Daily Mail did
you find a legitimate version of that
story that's not that not a very
medication right not legit Daily Mail
you wake up every morning you need to
drink a milkshake and you listen to
Daily Mail check a milkshake
fuck you come on over to let's see find
out if he's gonna make it to get tested
when oh Jesus even look he said yes
oh good beautiful I'll tell doctor but
where is the doctor sent me the text me
the address okay Tim okay we'll do that
um you guys talk amongst yourselves okay
so anyway Brian yeah what do you thinks
gonna happen in your life now
well besides the fact that I'm gonna
come up with a vaccine I'm sorry what
yes dude what's up with your where do
you find your special it's on my special
no it's on Amazon hundred times call
complicated Apes let's go come on
Roku very highly honestly you have the
first tinder special right you do oh no
no your special this red box and you
only get it on red now careful outside
of a 7-eleven that's good yeah yeah
you're done happy that people are gonna
honestly get your stuff is Roku bad no
no no a shit you're being annoying just
how many red boxes are other Amazon
Prime red box and it's free red box
original Bryan Callen I'm on Amazon
Prime shuckin and jivin
and there's a new sheriff in town and
I'm about to and I'm breathing down your
neck did you send me the address Joe
dude yes I just say it loud say it loud
on the air this shit Whitney
one of her friends went to Santa Barbara
to quarantine and a fucking bear is
trying to get into the house yeah look
at this video you're gonna be safe
quarantining and there's a fucking bear
trying to bears just trying to get
through the screen door too
them.he the guys yelling I'd give a bad
point I just give oh yeah Santa Barbara
holy shit yeah because there's no one
driving
well you had a bobcat that was a crash
yard so because no one's driving there's
less traffic animals like hmm what's
going on and then start slowly creeping
into cities Wow
fucking bear oh happy dagger Saurus
pretty big bit yeah a little one free if
your legs were in proportion with your
torso I mean would you tell me I don't
have a teardrop right here about my
knees coyotes are roaming San
Francisco's empty streets is a city
shelter in place order o divan keeps
people in their homes yeah there's
coyotes all overhead a button-down on
it's like oh there's something took our
jobs
[Laughter]
coyote invested in stocks well there's a
crazy video that someone sent me of a
rat setting a trap setting off a
mousetrap with a stick no have you seen
it it has to be New York right I don't
know where it is but that's crazy
New York is having rat Wars where the
restaurants are no longer open so
they're not leaving garbage out so rats
are going into other rats territory and
cannibalizing them Wow yes it's rough
right now apparently apparently it comes
the plague yeah dude what's happened
what happened bro hey you run our fuel
look at you right you know literally
just I just really just thought why I'm
hungry I could see I literally thought
I'm hungry Rogan when you do rugged
sprockets you have to eat right before
because last time I was on his pockets
he goes like this you're fading huh why
so long where's your bug guy so long you
should edit it yeah I can't find the
video you fucking people are watching
who gives a shit somebody sent me this
goddamn video I'm trying to find it I
don't know it's getting really popular
yeah popular is really popular that's
what you were saying did you just tell
me his pockets are getting really
popular what am i a fucking idiot let me
getting popular shut up dude I'll smack
you around you know his podcast is
bobble EU if I wanted huh
near this areas watch this rat oh dude
that's insist motherfucker walked up to
that thing with a stick watch him set it
he knows what's up Flint shame he didn't
even flinch when the trap set off cuz he
knew was coming
look at this what if that thing is
trained to do that maybe a rat either
way come on man you think it's trained
to do that I might be in a lab I mean
they did get they did get footage of it
so mm that's a good point guy why you
guys gotta ruin the party I'm sorry I'm
just a realist sorry I'm sorry Lisa shot
well yeah but even if but here's the
thing that's like one of those things
where when one lap rat learns a maze in
the other side of the world rats on the
other side of the world learn the maze
quicker that's true you brokered
Sheldrake called it morphic resonance
comedy because I started doing that's
possible you know and say you see what's
possible you fucking father sir
yeah this is so interesting yeah yes
because I wasn't even aware of it yeah
well god no isn't that your name your
podcast name welcome probably what's
Whitney's called good for you good for
you yeah good for you congratulate Oh
what was yours called mixed mental arts
as we were trying to figure out hey
[Music]
welcome with Chael Sonnen that's what it
is you know what I like you know what
Pacha's I love his auntie stomps
podcaster God he's fucking great and he
stumps a brilliant guy he's a brilliant
dude and he's so modest what's funny
about him as you start talking oh man
and somebody open his friends there and
and and he goes well he was the youngest
Navy SEAL
not anymore but he was he started 17
he's got the longest sniper shot he's
got all these things in any stuff that
he'll never tell you about until
somebody says that and you go is that
true and he goes II Angus he's and he's
fucking this I have long conversations
with I want to get
on something that motherfucker he's a
really really interesting guy and also a
maniac who who had the world record for
flying squirrel suit he flew for this
yes turns head both like he gets in he
jumped out of a fucking airship
everything he does he's one those guys
everything he does he their shit
outstanding spacious SEAL Team six guy
not not sick DEVGRU all right dude cover
your fucking ears don't let me literally
have don't look at me when I even say
SEAL Team six I've got fucking estrogen
and go make me a coffee right now no
dude that's sexist you've talked to him
in a way that's making him want to go
camping
get the fuck away from you you don't
come burn you sound hot is burn know
you're gonna carry my bags and carry my
sorrow for me yeah bro and be my
concubine remember in in San Diego a
long time ago when I did whoops remember
when I was in San Diego a long time ago
and I opened for you yeah yeah wow I
just have a simple question why you did
a deer that got hit by a phone oh no no
no no but what I mean isn't you were and
what have you since then what happened
since then okay listen I'll grant that
you are the Taylor Swift of comedy all
right just right
you're not Led Zepplin you're an old guy
why would you even bring up Led Zep all
due respect to Taylor Swift who I like
back you said someone was gonna film
specials again when is that gonna I'm
just so glad my dad came out you you
nailed it I nailed it luckily yeah like
I was saying with Louie Louie CK filmed
his under the wire look right there
cuz he filmed his like in March yeah he
filmed it March it was like March 6th or
7th and he just put it out I don't know
man am I not optimistic man doesn't look
good man shop has a date for the end of
June in Spokane Washington is crazy and
I said that's very optimistic oh just a
date not that special yes one thing is
that Washington State they got hit early
so they might open up quicker I hope so
isn't there a coordinated effort among
governor's to slowly open this whole
thing up right I don't know if they know
what to do because no one's ever done it
before
so it's one of those things where we're
going to watch one state do it and fuck
up and then we're going
okay let's not do it the way North
Dakota did it let's try to do with the
way Arizona did it and then your
question is like something like Disney
World how do you open Disneyland is how
do you do that watch so it's a good
court if somebody catches kovin when
they're there Mickey Mickey with a mask
on yes a mask boys do you signs you son
huh ears around this big year that's
gonna be a new Disney character kovat
Mickey he warned that California should
prepare to enter a radically different
realm where residents continue to wear
masks and where they will be greeted at
restaurants by waiters wearing masks and
gloves with disposable menus in venues
that have half as many tables jesus
fucking christ for the governors this is
from gavin newsom told reporters to
check back with him in two weeks
when he may be able to outline exact
dates of California cz flattening and
then decline of Corona vias
core virus hospitalization range he's
dealing with the worst case scenario
that I and I I think that all of them
are around yeah I just think we're gonna
I think human beings adapt I really do I
think I think that's not gonna be the
case I think after a while people are
gonna be like fuck it well waiters with
masks on it's gonna be strange there's
gonna be a lot of opportunists that
cause crime because a lot of wearing
masks it's very very different world my
man I've where Richard Nixon mask anyway
that's the mask I used to see yeah well
just put a Richard Nixon mask
yes president it's like a Point Blank
Point Break yes Point Break do a new
version of that work yep yeah oh I saw
it how bad was it
I love the original dude it's like
everything that was special about it's a
same thing with the Total Recall movie
and I love Colin Farrell I think he's
great but they did that it's like they
just took everything that was special
about the fucking movie and they just
made it a straight action movie they
shouldn't do that anymore one of the
money's why do they redo movies just
make a new movie what is the best movie
you've seen in a while in the past year
into the spider-verse
have you seen that it's a it's really
great it's amazing it's a great animated
spider-man movie but it's what awards
and shit I think it's the animation
spectacular
it's really fucking good the plot is
great it's a great movie I was a little
skeptical Mike amount of cartoons
spider-man movie with a pig there's a
pig in it like this is it's you haven't
read this it's great it's fucking great
the book about the movie yeah I'm a
reader no it's it's like it's cartoonish
but it's not the animation is amazing
it's like it's really good man I was
blown away I'd heard it was good so I
was like I heard was good and we do
movie night with my kids so we decided
to sit down and watch and it was fucking
amazing blew me away
I watched a quiet place again good
fucking movies really good but why
didn't they just turn everything all up
well why did they just turn everything
all honesty and then the aliens would
have heard everything and then
everything would they wouldn't heard the
people walking around mmm it was a great
movie but why didn't they do that
because the aliens would kill everything
where there was sound how many aliens
were there we don't know yeah but
there's gonna be a second one coming out
these movies daddy's Wonder Woman - that
movie blood spot blood shot whatever
with Vin Diesel that was gonna bomb
anyway now at least I was an excuse
do you know what I mean do you know what
I mean because now they could be like in
fucking anything other than Fast and the
Furious oh there's this is Vin Diesel
movie with no cars let's fuckin line up
even DS all sitting down going on oh my
now just stand there muscular with a gun
yeah he could be icy yeah dude no
fucking oh yeah bong Kazuko bit oh okay
cool he was in that one movie though
what does that movie where he could only
see it you see in the dark that was cool
that was a good moment ah there are no
um that's a good movie there are zero
fucking movies I think in gonna be in
production
up until then why don't they know how
can they produce why don't they know
what movies are gonna bomb beforehand
it's so fucking obvious yeah Katz was
gonna eat shit
and you knew that and if you didn't know
that then don't fucking associate with
me dude a Hollywood is so dumb sometimes
man that fucking movie that came out
will call like have mercy or some shit
with Michael B Jordan no do you remember
that movie now no because of course it
was gonna fucking was it about I don't
know he was like a lawyer or some shit
get the fuck out of here yeah dude you
just know what movies are gonna bomb
yeah and Hollywood's like nose pump some
money into this one dude you know it's
gonna bomb it's so fucking obvious they
make mistakes for sure but but it's like
dude sure make another fast and furious
I get it
make fucking you know van Helsing okay
people can go see that but come on yeah
people have to take chances though
there's a movie with Chris happen site
there's a movie where Chris Evans plays
a trumpet player oh you made that you
made that Jamie Foxx played a homeless
guy that was a brilliant musician it was
an amazing movie remember that movie yes
yeah but that but you can tell Jamie
Foxx I go see it yeah it was a really
popular movie oh yeah yeah but you can
tell movie but Chris Evans a guy who
looks like a guy any kid would draw if
you said hey kid draw somebody they'd by
mistake draw Chris Evans and you're
gonna give him a trumpet and make the
movie about that are you out of your
fucking mind it's gonna make zero
dollars whiplash you know but that's
different because you get a kind of an
unknown guy playing a fucking against
the kind of unknown guy about a guy
playing the drums and look at this
perfect
handsome this girl's exciting do you
want that ding can he play the trumpet I
heard that he learned how to play the
trumpet to do this movie that's and it
was too hard and he gave up look at this
look at this is that really what this
movies about no knock on Chris Evans by
the way because some guy
yeah handsome guy good captain a man
actor but just nobody's gonna see that
movie that's up yeah what's your top
Larabee throw a shield this is available
on iTunes before we go well the John do
you wanna fly bro what do you want to
play your dream roll all I want to do is
action movies you do that's all it bro
I've told you I've told you you don't
act like it's new you
it's in your rolodex who the fuck are
you gonna play like this shit isn't in
your role but that don't stand up I want
to see who stretches better I have a
fucking good action movie coming out
listen are you gonna play an action
movie the guy at the computer like I
think I broke it
no dude no dude and that guy always says
I'm Way ahead of it you got what he says
we're gonna play this guy you're gonna
play the guys who they come no close the
shot bro
come on well you're not gonna play Hey
Dude hey check this out do it do it go
ahead do it you're playing the kind of
play on the guy who does that
dude that's that dude but what do you do
it do it do it nah bro I'm in a fucking
I got this action movie coming out dude
have to shoot you you got an action
movie coming movie so fuck what is going
Sachs night a movie he did like yeah he
did don't you know that movie Dawn of
the Dead you ever see that one it's the
new one that's are called army of the
Dead it's zombie bro no pictures of him
dressed like a soldier yeah fucking yeah
you with the dude from India his name
Bautista yep oh my god you look
fantastic thanks dude no they all look
they all look they're big tough guy I'm
the biggest guy there except for Dave
Bautista so go fuck yourself and I'll
tell you also you look at that and you
buy it bro and I know my goodness I'm
buying those guys like you got the spicy
lesbian looking Latino girl with a
headband that's important and she
probably swears a lot yeah and it says
things like suck bite there she's helped
I don't remember at this point maybe but
I will tell you this they got every
fucking walk of person in that movie
they got every we have to they enough
like this shit is global they have
Indian star they have a star that's big
in China there's a Michael Jai White
yeah I know that's uh Omari
from power that shower Omari Hardwick
but Easter is he's a really nice guy
oh the nicest dude the nicest guy the
nicest guy and a good guy to like it's a
straight up honest guy beautiful yeah
let's end on that we got a test Brian
and make sure there's no look at this
Christmas thing that's a bushwacker
fuck I want this in my car do you yeah
what are you gonna do with it well if
there's a zombie apocalypse I'm fuckin
I'm cleaning house do you get behind me
get behind me Chris and you hold on to
my belt loop as I fuckin just I just cut
our way to safety
do you want one of those things yeah I
do what would you do with it I don't
know I just like go to Mike Jones knife
and tool on Instagram the guy makes it
he also made me this knife he makes some
nice stuff he does I like his nice let
me see that much Bryan how many times
did you watch my special so far dude but
I do but I perform with you I know what
you're gonna do
nice demand that's a good bit actually
your specials out now on Netflix what's
it called again no pain no pain
yours is not on Netflix I don't know
mine is called no pain no pain this has
been a good time oh really fun let's see
if thanks Joe
Brian totally come see me in 2021 when I
can do stand-up again 20 22 according to
Gavin news we have to move to Montana to
do stand-up we could be free goodbye
friends
[Music]